PM : I'd like to hear music that's popular from Trick-trick on the Slacker service
PM : Play Making Out by Alexander Rosenbaum off Google Music.
PM : I want to hear Pamela Jintana Racine from 1986 on Lastfm
PM : is there something new you can play by Lola Monroe
PM : I want to hear something from Post-punk Revival
PM : Song from Brian Chase in 2004
PM : give me something from the fifties
PM : Play the top music from Epic Mazur.
PM : I want to hear track 34.
PM : I want something from the year 1961 that was on record from deezer
PM : Play some eighties music by Emil De Cou on Slacker
PM : Let's listen to Matthew Shipp.
PM : Play Natalie Maines 1959 concerto.
PM : put on a Serge Robert track
PM : Play some Hridaynath Mangeshkar
PM : Play music from Sleepy John Estes from 2002.
PM : Play a sound track from 1952.
PM : I want to hear music from Fonzworth Bentley using the service slacker with any song
PM : Open up Google Music and play anything.
PM : Play music from Youtube.
PM : Please play the album Prvi Poljubac by Hiroki Uchi on Youtube.
PM : I want to hear Merry Go Round by Gary Nichols from Groove Shark please.
PM : Play the top-twenty from Tony Calder off Slacker.
PM : Let me hear Wintley Phipps top fifty album.
PM : Play an album from 1956 off Spotify.
PM : play me some Dom Pachino
PM : See if Netflix has the Lightspeed Champion album boris
PM : Play a symphony from 1989
PM : I wish to listen to some fifties music.
PM : I want to hear music from 1993 on pandora.
PM : Put The Silent Enigma album by Yoko Kanno
PM : Please play Every Woman In Me
PM : play a good song by Baaba Maal on Lastfm
PM : Play bouncy techno from Lastfm.
PM : play In The Disco by Danny Hutton
PM : Play some lyn paul
PM : Play Ocean Beach from paul delay.
PM : Play music from the thirties by Swjatoslaw Wakartschuk.
PM : I would like to hear The Worst Is Yet To Come.
PM : I would like to hear something from Groove Shark
PM : Can you play nineties music from Paul Kelly?
PM : play the latest movement by Charlie Higgins
PM : Play some chant from 1974
PM : Go to Mick Fleetwood on my Vimeo
PM : Play a tune from 2007.
PM : Play some klezmer fiddle
PM : Play the Broom Of The Cowdenknowes.
PM : I want to hear my Entre los Andes playlist.
PM : Can you play some decent work by Timour Moutsouraev?
PM : Play some 1988 Harry T. Burleigh
PM : most popular song of taco ockerse
PM : Play Tennessee Saturday Night by Mr. Porter
PM : Please play a track from the nineties by any artist
PM : Can I hear Anna Vissi's new music on Pandora?
PM : let's listen to the 1986 sound track by Mike Park
PM : I want to hear the last album from Frank Iero
PM : Play them good songs by The Singing Nun
PM : Play them the greatest music by Chris Frantz.
PM : Play me a concerto by Jethro Burns from Zvooq
PM : Can you play some music by Abatte Barihun?
PM : I want to hear Shooby Taylor's Tearing Up The Album Charts.
PM : Play itunes and Vimeo music
PM : play something new by tansen
PM : Please play Last Fm from Le Jardin De Heavenly by Edward Leeson
PM : Open Itunes and play some twenties songs.
PM : play music from 1974
PM : Play some Grand Puba.
PM : Play the top fifty by Kate Bush.
PM : Play the Stephen Stills album Verge
PM : I need some Hardcore Hip Hop
PM : play the new Feist on deezer
PM : Play Gaston by Daniel De Los Reyes.
PM : Play Man Like Me by heather b.
PM : Put some of Patrick Lachman's eighties music on Zvooq
PM : please, a sound track of Jyotsna Radhakrishnan
PM : Play some Darkcore.
PM : i want to listen to Say It Again by Blackstratblues
PM : Can I hear Jeremy Taggart's newest chant on Deezer?
PM : I would like to hear music from 1993
PM : I want to hear music from the top fifty by Yasuhiko Fukuda
PM : Play seventies music on Itunes
PM : Open up Last Fm and play me some Medieval Folk Rock
PM : I'd like to listen to mark rae
PM : play the most popular Bret Michaels record
PM : I want to listen to Lastfm, play A Drop Of The Hard Stuff by Joi Chua.
PM : I wanna listen to Electroclash
PM : Play March 12 by John Moyer on Groove Shark.
PM : Play an ep from Preap Sovath.
PM : I want to listen to some music from 2003 on Pandora from them
PM : Play the Vic Damone album named Tuonela
PM : Play some nineties stuff from Clem Burke.
PM : Play a song from Lars Danielsson from the fourties using the service Last Fm
PM : Open Lastfm and sort by the top-fifty by the artist Korpiklaani.
PM : put th Power Gaming playlist
PM : something on Spotify please
PM : Play some concerto from T. S. Monk.
PM : Can you play the Star Tales album by Colleen?
PM : Play some G. V. Prakash Kumar
PM : Play Got Djent?
PM : I want to hear Jimmy James from the thirties, play a song on Groove Shark.
PM : I want to play music from 1979 on Groove Shark.
PM : Please play something from the twenties google music
PM : Play a song from 1994.
PM : Please play a song from Jesse Harris that's on Youtube
PM : Play music from Linzi Stoppard in 1994 from itunes.
PM : Please play something from the fifties by Roscoe
PM : Play a ballad by Project Pat on google music.
PM : can i lesten to the latest album of T-bone Burnett
PM : Play chant music from 2016 off Pandora.
PM : Play some good music from Jamelia.
PM : Play Alabama Concerto by Kou Shibasaki.
PM : Play some good symphony music from Avispa.
PM : I want to hear the greatest hits from King Ov Hell on vimeo 
PM : Play Pandora on Last Fm
PM : Let's listen to the best from Jeff Loomis.
PM : Play Goldie Hill's record on Google Music.
PM : Please play Jim Martin on Vimeo.
PM : Play Bonnie Annie by Tolmatschowa-schwestern on last fm.
PM : Play my Women of Rock playlist.
PM : I want to hear Nellie Mckay's new music.
PM : Play Moris Tepper
PM : I need a SOUNDTRACK FOR STUDY purposes.
PM : Play concerto music by Nicholaus Arson.
PM : Can you play Slacker?
PM : Play Maria Severa Onofriana and sort by most popular.
PM : I'm looking for a movement by Asim Brkan that's on Netflix best channel
PM : Use Youtube to play the soundtrack from Manos Hadzidakis.
PM : Play Too Much Rain by the artist D-loc.
PM : Play something by Louisiana Blues
PM : play This Is Colour by Panda Bear
PM : Please play some nineties music by Tommy Johnson.
PM : Play from the top record from 1973 by Olexandr Ponomarjow.
PM : Play rock like war from Mohammad Reza Lotfi please
PM : Play something by the artist Jenifer from 2003
PM : Please play my Happy House playlist.
PM : Play Ashita E by Ian Anderson
PM : Play music from Stacy Ferguson from the fourties
PM : I would like to hear lastfm play journey.
PM : play some movement by Franky Gee
PM : Play the top-5 track from Boris Liatochinski.
PM : play them by Guy-manuel De Homem-christo
PM : Can i get a song from the eighties on Zvooq
PM : I'm looking for something by Young Rome from 2001 on Groove Shark
PM : Play a popular sound track by Joe Pass on Itunes.
PM : Please play symphony by Travis Mccoy
PM : Play some fun-punk
PM : I want to hear an album from 2010
PM : play some movement from the fifties on Spotify
PM : Play Tom Thacker through a top sort.
PM : Play anything you want from Slacker
PM : I want to hear from Pepe Marchena song Delaware
PM : Play Monts Et Merveilles.
PM : I want to hear music from carman from the 1966 album
PM : Play some twenties music
PM : Play some 1983 Jon Brooks
PM : Play some Jerry Dixon
PM : Play an ep from Little Jimmy Dickens.
PM : Please play the genre Rock Strumentale.
PM : I'd like to hear Grievance from the Youtube service
PM : Put some fifties music on Netflix
PM : Please play Short And Sweet by Teyana Taylor from my itunes.
PM : Play some pop music.
PM : Play the greatest hits by Inoj.
PM : Please play the latest ep by the fifties famous Gholam Hossein Banan.
PM : Play a tune from 1973.
PM : Play Arif music from the fourties.
PM : Play a song from the fourties by Deezer through Fakhar-e-alam.
PM : I wish to listen to Gonna Get Along Without Ya Now by Ian Curtis.
PM : I'm looking for the last track by Fei Yu Ching from the fourties
PM : I want to hear Choice on Last Fm from the twenties.
PM : Please play With Echoes In The Movement Of Stone by Faith Evans.
PM : Play me a track from the sixties
PM : Play music off Itunes.
PM : Play Gary Jules's latest music
PM : Let's hear something from Elena Risteska
PM : Play Les Lecter Smith from deezer.
PM : play me something from the fifties
PM : Could you play the album B Men Gahō by Nathaniel Shilkret
PM : I want to hear music from the Lotus Flower album by Andy Mccoy
PM : Please play Different Slanguages by Fred Labour.
PM : Play some 1993 Mark Maclaine on Deezer
PM : Play some pambiche please
PM : Start the Last Fm service with a song from 1976
PM : I want to listen to Foreign Affair.
PM : Can you play it on Youtube?
PM : Play an ep by Cristy Lane off google music.
PM : Put Lo mejor de Radio 3 on in the background
PM : Play nineties music.
PM : Play a song from the thirties by Bruno Pelletier
PM : Can you play Deezer from 2007?
PM : We want to listen to nineties music from mike burkett.
PM : play Facedown by Maximum Bob
PM : Please play some nineties music album.
PM : Play Bad Boy Bill
PM : I want to hear music from the sixties.
PM : Play the latest Bobby Darin.
PM : play some music from the thirties
PM : Play the track Fight On, State by Yuvan Shankar Raja
PM : give me some Hank Shermann from 1975 on Lastfm
PM : Play Murdoc Nicalls through Itunes.
PM : Give me some Musica Post-industriale from Groove Shark
PM : Start blasting my Latin Jazz playlist.
PM : Play them by Jt The Bigga Figga.
PM : I want to hear the album Live In Munich by Laura Love.
PM : I want to hear a symphony by Raf
PM : Play the sound track from Raymond Murray Schafer please
PM : Play a melody from 2010 off Itunes.
PM : put my raining playlist on
PM : Play the Get Turnt playlist.
PM : I wish to enjoy some fifties music by Johnny Paycheck.
PM : Play the man who sold the world from Steve Swell
PM : Play biguine music.
PM : Play the latest Peter Green.
PM : Something by Danielle Polanco in 1986
PM : Play something from the genre muzyka pop
PM : Play using from ep of Christopher Martin using Lastfm
PM : I want to hear music from the genre Ecossaise
PM : Play pop-rap off Google Music.
PM : I want to hear Aki Nawaz, play the song fair annie.
PM : Play Kastro Tis Orias by Karl Denson off Lastfm.
PM : Play Tony Crombie songs that inspire movement
PM : Please play below the lion rock by stereo mike
PM : I want to hear Eddi Reader from the twenties.
PM : Play the album entitled Se Potrei Avere Te.
PM : give me some Last Emperor
PM : Play some art punk.
PM : Play music off Youtube.
PM : Open up Groove Shark.
PM : Play Donny Tourette's Push The Button
PM : I want to listen to an album from Sibel.
PM : Play music from Lastfm and Deezer.
PM : Play addicts: black meddle, part ii.
PM : Play the best music from Klaus Badelt.
PM : Play the last chant music by Jan Smit on Deezer.
PM : Play a Sugarcult track from the twenties on Itunes
PM : Play a Nóta song
PM : play on the good ship lollipop by Anthony Hamilton
PM : Play While We Were Waiting by Sippie Wallace on Vimeo
PM : Put on Vimeo and play Kacapi Suling
PM : play something from 1971 by John Bonham
PM : put El Mejor Rock en Español playlist
PM : Can i use Lastfm to listen to Twilight Time by Dj Khalil?
PM : Play Lastfm.
PM : Play top music from Charles L. Johnson on vimeo 
PM : Please play All Funked Up from Vimeo
PM : I want to hear the last album from Carsten Bohn
PM : Access my Vimeo service to play music from Bernhard Fleischmann
PM : Open Vimeo and play music.
PM : I wish to listen to some instrumental music.
PM : i wanna listen to a the top-twenty track of Denniz Pop in Pandora
PM : Play Lil Hardin Armstrong from Itunes.
PM : play the last Niney The Observer song
PM : Play chant by Nao Matsushita from 1983.
PM : Play One Way Ticket by Ray Kennedy.
PM : Play my Romántica playlist
PM : last melody of Bob Hardy on Iheart
PM : I want to hear music on deezer, play the most popular songs by Daisy Berkowitz.
PM : Turn on Slacker radio.
PM : Please play the last track from abbath
PM : Play something interesting from a soundtrack recorded by Vishal-shekhar in the thirties that's on Iheart
PM : Put any 1972 record on.
PM : Play music by larry mullen jr.
PM : Play music from Lastfm.
PM : Play a soundtrack by Wade Macneil from 1969.
PM : Play Jimmy Lafave on Vimeo.
PM : Play some Rumba Africana.
PM : Play music from the thirties.
PM : Let me listen to an eighties ep.
PM : last song by Latifa
PM : An interesting piece from 1991 please
PM : Play a song from 1993 on Youtube
PM : Play Device music from the fourties.
PM : I'd like to hear music from 1951, preferably a soundtrack.
PM : Play music through Groove Shark.
PM : Play me a good ep from 1989 by jenifer
PM : I want to listen to the track Close To The Edge
PM : I want to listen to some Aaliyah
PM : I want to listen to Merrily We Roll Along by Marko Desantis.
PM : Play the newest Roger Troutman track possible
PM : Play some P. J. Proby
PM : Play some diva house.
PM : I want to hear the album Picchio Dal Pozzo from Con Hunley
PM : play almost independence day by Vitas
PM : Play the song from the genre Sunshine Reggae that appeals to me.
PM : I want to listen to martina mcbride music from 1995
PM : play some fifties tune on Youtube
PM : Play the track Coma
PM : I wish to listen to Roni Duani 's music.
PM : put my Family Road Trip playlist
PM : Play New World on groove shark
PM : Start playing anything Mike Muir made in the thirties
PM : Play some thirties Frank Wildhorn
PM : Play a sound track from Gregory Douglass.
PM : Play music from 1972
PM : I want to play a song from the nineties by Roddy Woomble
PM : Plaly The Ladybug Transistor by Loreena Mckennitt.
PM : Play the latest music from Mark Knopfler.
PM : Play music from the eighties.
PM : Play Tyrants And Wraiths
PM : Play Before I Grew Up To Love You by Wafah Dufour
