RB : rate The Lotus and the Storm zero of 6
RB : Rate The Fall-Down Artist 5 stars.
RB : Rate the current novel one points
RB : rate The Ape-Man Within 4
RB : I give The Penalty three stars
RB : rate this novel a 4
RB : give 5 out of 6 points to Absolutely, Positively Not series
RB : I give Emile, or On Education five points.
RB : rate Licence Renewed a 4
RB : Give this essay a 2 out of 6.
RB : A rating of 5 of 6 points goes to Dickson McCunn trilogy
RB : rate Beyond the Shadows 3 of 6stars
RB : Give 2 out of 6 points to the following textbook.
RB : the previous textbook is a 3
RB : Rate this album zero of 6 
RB : rate in stars as a 6 for Lord of the Shadows which gets a four
RB : Rate Small Screen, Big Picture a 0 out of 6.
RB : give 0 stars to this textbook
RB : Rate the current novel a 0 out of 6 points
RB : give this book a rating of 3 
RB : Rate the Tropic of Cancer book a 2 out of 6
RB : I would give this current textbook five points or a rating of 6
RB : give The Judas Tree a zero
RB : I am rating this book titled The Billion Dollar Ransom 3 stars.
RB : I would give Sixty Lights chronicle a rating of five and a best rating of 6
RB : rate this book titled Cold two stars
RB : I want to rate this current series a value of five and a best rating of 6
RB : Rate the current book a zero of 6
RB : Rate this novel 1 of 6
RB : I would rate this chronicle 4 stars
RB : Give A Human Being Died That Night 3 stars 
RB : I'm rating The Skystone with three points
RB : rate this current saga 3 out of 6 points
RB : Rate the Wild Boy series 3 out of 6 stars
RB : Rate this album a one.
RB : Rate the Glory Season three stars
RB : Give this textbook 5 points
RB : give two stars to current album
RB : Rate the current saga a five
RB : give 0 rating to She and Allan book
RB : Rate the current series a one
RB : I want to give this album 3 points
RB : rate The Cry of the Owl a four
RB : A novel of this quality deserves your rating of four points
RB : I gave Joseph Andrews a 0 out of 6
RB : Give zero / 6 stars to the current album
RB : I want to give this album zero out of 6 stars
RB : Swine Not? deserves four points
RB : I rate Naked in Death a 5
RB : give the current series 3 points
RB : the next album is only one stars
RB : Rate this book three points
RB : rate this novel a 3
RB : Rate The Keys to the White House a zero
RB : Rate An Act of Terror 2 stars.
RB : I'm rating The Skystone with three points
RB : rate Call for the Saint 1 out 6 points
RB : Rate Merlin Effect a 0 
RB : Give this album three out of 6 points
RB : The Last Hawk gets a total of 3 out of 6 stars from me
RB : 0 stars for this textbook 
RB : Rate the current series a one.
RB : I rate American History: A Survey a 5
RB : Give this current novel a 4.
RB : give this current novel a three
RB : the stars for this are 4 for a textbook
RB : rate the current chronicle book three points
RB : rate The Bunce 1 stars
RB : give this textbook a rating of 3
RB : Another Girl, Another Planet gets only one of a possiable 6 rating
RB : Rate this  textbook 2 of 6 stars
RB : I give The Spirit of St. Louis a 1
RB : Rate the book Post Office four points
RB : give 5 rating for this textbook
RB : I give this next essay zero out of 6 points
RB : Rate the current novel 3 of 6 stars
RB : Rate The Watsons four of 6 stars
RB : this novel should get zero points for how intrepid it is.
RB : I didn't like the book Nobody Lives For Ever, I give it a 2.
RB : rate this current book album four stars
RB : Give the current novel 5 points
RB : give Death on the Nile a three
RB : Rate The Gorilla Hunters 0 stars
RB : Rate this current essay three out of 6 stars
RB : this is rated 5 out of 6 for an essay
RB : rate the current album one points
RB : I give a zero rating for this essay
RB : Rate this book a zero
RB : Rate the current album 3 of 6 stars
RB : Rate The Secret of Dr. Honigberger 2 points out of 6
RB : Rate this chronicle three of 6 stars
RB : I rate the chronicle, Son of the Tree with four of 6 points.
RB : This current album deserve 0 points and a best rating of 6
RB : I rate The Variation of Animals and Plants under Domestication a value of 0
RB : Rate this textbook a zero
RB : The current textbook Gets 3 stars
RB : Rate The Stars Shine Down 5  
RB : Give one / 6 points to Who Will Cry When You Die
RB : I think this essay should be given four points and a best rating of 6
RB : For this current saga I give 5 out of 6 possiable points

 

RB : I give The Lacuna a rating of 5 stars under the chronicle rated at 6
RB : give zero point to this textbook
RB : I give the current book two out of 6
RB : rate this album book zero out of 6 points
RB : I am rating this book 5 out 6 points
RB : rate If Tomorrow Comes 2 of 6 stars
RB : rate the current chronicle series 3 out of 6 points
RB : Rate this novel three out of 6
RB : I give One Clear Call zero out of 6 points
RB : rate The Practice of the Presence of God one of 6 points
RB : give 0 out of 6 points to this essay
RB : I would give Half a Life 3 out of 6
RB : rate the Beyond Black saga a one
RB : Rate this essay a four
RB : Rate the current novel 5 of 6 points
RB : give 5 out of 6 points to Short Trips: A Universe of Terrors
RB : I give this book Dictionary of the English Language a 4 rating
RB : rate Of Old Hearts and Swords a 0
RB : give the following essay one stars
RB : give one points to current book
RB : rate the current novel zero points
RB : I am giving this novel 3 stars
RB : And a body to remember with gets a full 5 stars.
RB : Rate Witchcraft and Paganism in Australia 1 points out of 6
RB : Rate the current textbook one of 6 stars
RB : rate The White Goddess 2 of 6
RB : I am rating this book under the series section a three out of 6 stars
RB : Rate the current essay 5 of 6 points
RB : For this novel I give a rating of 4 out of 6
RB : I give Ruled Britannia a rating of five out of 6.
RB : Give 4 points / 6 to Last Day in Limbo
RB : I rate 4 of 6 points for this textbook
RB : this book gets a 1 out of 6 rating from me.
RB : I want to give Think Like a Freak one stars
RB : rate the current essay a one
RB : The Voyage of the Dawn Treader deserves 5 points.
RB : Award Blood tables 2 points
RB : Give the current novel a one out of 6 rating.
RB : Who rated the book Women, Culture, and Society only 3 stars?
RB : rate the current textbook zero out of 6 points
RB : give two out of 6 to current book
RB : I give this last novel only 1 points
RB : Rate the current textbook a 4
RB : give four points to current essay
RB : The Cool World gets 4 points
RB : rate The Sunrise Lands a zero
RB : Rate Lords of the Rim zero stars
RB : Give The Frog Prince, Continued 2 points out of 6.
RB : Rate Sandworms of Dune three out of 6 stars
RB : Rate current book 2 of 6 
RB : rate the current book 5 of 6 points
RB : score this album 5 stars
RB : I give The Universe Maker a rating of zero
RB : give 3 points to current textbook
RB : A Day No Pigs Would Die deserves a best rating of 6 and a value of 4
RB : I think the current album should get a four out of 6 rating. 
RB : rate Goodbye, Mr. Chips one stars
RB : The current album deserves 0 stars
RB : Give this chronicle a 4
RB : give one out of 6 points to this essay
RB : I'd like to give a two rating to The Abolition of Britain.
RB : rate the current book 0 of 6
RB : Rate They Came from the Sea 1 of 6 points
RB : the stars for Behind the Beat should number four for this chronicle
RB : I think Memorial Day should have a rating value of 3 and a best rating of 6
RB : I want to give the current textbook 0 stars
RB : Glory Season deserves a perfect 5 points.
RB : give three out of 6 points to this album
RB : I give a rating of four to this textbook.
RB : rate this essay four stars
RB : Rate current essay a zero
RB : rate the current essay a 0 for me
RB : give Begums Thugs and White Mughals four points
RB : give Portions from a Wine-stained Notebook: Short Stories and Essays 0 points 
RB : I would rate The Kid from Hell a value of 1 and a best rating of 6
RB : rate the current novel five out of 6 stars
RB : Rate Notes from the Internet Apocalypse four of 6 stars
RB : Rate this novel four of 6
RB : Give Letty Fox: Her Luck 4 out of 6 stars
RB : I give the current textbook 0 of 6 points
RB : give this album a 4 out of 6
RB : give two points out of 6 to this essay
RB : rate the current saga 4 of 6
RB : Rate this essay with three of 6.
RB : rate the current essay with 4 points
RB : Rate this essay a four
RB : Give this novel a rating of 1 points.
RB : Rate current book 0
RB : rate Six Months in Mexico 1 out of 6
RB : Give two stars to Scribblings
RB : I want to give Rebbe: The Life and Teachings of Menachem M. Schneerson, the Most Influential Rabbi in Modern History two out of 6 points
RB : Rate this book 0 of 6 points
RB : Rate The War of the Roses 2 out of 6
RB : Rate The Longest Day with zero stars out of 6.
RB : Give Star Trek: The Motion Picture a five out of 6.
RB : Rate Colorless Tsukuru Tazaki and His Years of Pilgrimage one stars
RB : I only give Blood Work two stars
RB : rate the current chronicle a five
RB : give The Last Child 4 of 6
RB : For this current essay I give 5 of 6 points
RB : Rate my current textbook four out of 6
RB : give 4 out of 6 stars to this textbook
RB : Give this album 0 stars
RB : Rate the current novel one of 6
RB : this essay is five stars for sure
RB : Rate this book a five 
RB : I give The Screaming Staircase a five.
RB : rate the current series 1 points
RB : rate Lost Empires of Faerûn five of 6 stars
RB : give 0 points to The Eudaemonic Pie
RB : The Evil Experiment gets zero out of 6 points
RB : Rate my current album 5 points
RB : Rate the current novel 5 of 6 points
RB : Rate this novel 1 of 6
RB : I would rate this essay 2 stars and a best rating of 6
RB : rate my current novel four out of 6 stars
RB : I would say this essay deserves four points
RB : I would like to rate the book The Three Impostors 2 to 6 stars.
RB : rate the current textbook 2 out of 6
RB : Rate this book three out of 6
RB : Rate Mimi and the Biscuit Factory 5 out of 6
RB : rate Varney the Vampire with 1 points
RB : Rate The Doors of Perception 3 stars
RB : give 4 stars to this essay
RB : Rate the current textbook five of 6
RB : the series City on Fire is a four
RB : Rate the Why Is Sex Fun? saga two of 6
RB : I want to give Panther in the Basement four points
RB : rate the book The Ninth Avatar 3 out of 6 stars
RB : Give Love in the Time of Foreclosure 4 of 6
RB : Rate the current textbook four out of 6
RB : I would rate The Persistence of Vision 1 stars and a best rating of 6
RB : Give this current book zero out of 6
RB : I want to rate A Long Short War series a four out of 6. 
RB : Give Physics of the Impossible four points.
RB : I want to give this album 4 stars
RB : Add rating of 5 to this novel
RB : rate this album one stars
RB : For the book The Sting of the Scorpion I give three of a possiable 6 rating
RB : Rate the Rogue Lawyer 4 out of 6
RB : Give three points out of 6 to One Hundred Poems of Tukaram
RB : I want to give Elephants Can Remember 4 out of 6 points
RB : Rate this album three of 6 points
RB : rate This Is How You Die chronicle a one
RB : rate the book Giants of the Frost two out of 6 points
RB : I think this textbook should have a rating of four and a best rating of 6
RB : I give this novel a 0 out of 6 rating
RB : give zero points to this essay
RB : rate this book 3 stars
RB : I would like to rate this album 3 points and a best rating of 6
RB : rate the current album 5 out of 6 points
RB : give Power of Faerûn two of 6
RB : rate this album 2 points
RB : rate the current chronicle 0 of 6stars
RB : Rate this essay a two out of 6
RB : Rate this current essay 1 out of 6 points
RB : Give this book chronicle four stars
RB : Rate this essay five points
RB : Rate this essay five stars
RB : give this textbook a 5 out of 6 rating
RB : Rate The Philosophic Thought of Ayn Rand three of 6 stars
RB : Give The Whisperer a rating of 0.
RB : Can you rate this novel as a four?
RB : rate the last textbook three stars
RB : Please rate Think Like a Freak 3 points out of 6.
RB : the current book I'm reading should be rated zero out of 6
RB : I give The Battle of Bretton Woods saga two of 6 stars
RB : Rate this album 0 points
RB : give five out of 6 stars to current essay
RB : this saga is definitely worth 4 stars.
RB : gve 2 points to The Stinky Cheese Man and Other Fairly Stupid Tales
RB : Give The Crisis, one / 6 points
RB : I gave Chart Throb 4 of 6 stars
RB : rate this book called Kings of the High Frontier four points
RB : Give this book a rating of two out of 6.
RB : I give this album a 0 of 6 stars
RB : I want to rate the Selected Letters of H. P. Lovecraft I saga 3 stars
RB : Rate the current album a 3.
RB : rate the book series I, Robot one out of 6 stars
RB : I give this current textbook five stars
RB : this chronicle gets a three out of 6.
RB : Give this novel two points
RB : give one out of 6 points to current series
RB : Rate this textbook two out of 6
RB : For the textbook, out of 6 possible I give the following one a 3.
RB : Rate this textbook 1 of 6
RB : rate the current series a zero
RB : rate The Detective a 3 out of 6
RB : give 0 points to The Hand in the Glove
RB : rate this novel a 1 of 6 for me
RB : I give this essay 0 of 6 stars
RB : Rate this album 3 out of 6
RB : Rate The Last Opium Den 0 points
RB : rate the current essay 2 stars
RB : Give the current series a one.
RB : Give the current part of the series 1 points.
RB : Rate In Search of Our Origins two points out of 6.
RB : rate this book The Book of Snobs 1 points
RB : give the Racing the Rain saga zero stars
RB : Programming the Universe is average and deserves three stars out of 6. 
RB : For this series I give the rating of four of 6 stars
RB : I think this book should have a rating value of 1 and a best rating of 6
RB : I would rate The Door to December 3 points and a best rating of 6
RB : this textbook only gets two out of 6 stars
RB : I rate the current textbook a 0 of 6
RB : Give this book 1 stars.
RB : Give this book zero stars
RB : I am giving Paedophilia: The Radical Case a rating of 2 out of 6 points
RB : put a rating of 0 out of 6 to this chronicle
RB : give 0 to The Sky Village
RB : I give a rating of 2
 to the book Swine Not?
RB : four out of 6 stars for the previous essay
RB : add five stars to my current chronicle
RB : I want to rate The Medici Seal two out of 6 points
RB : I would give this current novel 2 stars with a best rating of 6
RB : Rate the current book a zero.
RB : Give The Fox and the Hound a 1
RB : give 4 out of 6 stars to current chronicle
RB : five points for this novel
RB : rate the Broke: Who Killed the Middle Classes? chronicle a five
RB : rate this novel five points
RB : rate Gray Mountain a zero
RB : rate this essay four out of 6
RB : I would rate Oblivion: Stories a two
RB : the last essay is a 2 out of 6
RB : I gave the current chronicle a 3 of 6
RB : The Battle for Skies gets a three
RB : I would give the series History Decoded: The 10 Greatest Conspiracies of All Time a rating of 3 points
RB : Rate Political Liberalism 1 out 6 stars
RB : Please rate the current album 4 stars.
RB : Give this chronicle 4 stars
RB : rate the previous essay four of 6 points
RB : I want to give The First Person and Other Stories 0 out of 6 stars
RB : rate the current album 2 points out of 6
RB : rate the book The Egoist five out of 6
RB : give 1 out of 6 points for Collected Works
RB : rate this book a zero
RB : Rate the current book 0 stars
RB : rate Winnie-the-Pooh four out of 6
RB : Rate The Man from the USSR and Other Plays a 0
RB : Give this book a rating of 3 out of 6 points.
RB : rate the book Oath of Swords three for 6
RB : Rate The Strange Death of Tory England 1 stars
RB : I am giving the current book two stars
RB : rate First Man: The Life of Neil A. Armstrong three of 6
RB : Rate Secret Weapon a four
RB : Rate the current book zero of 6 stars
RB : rate the current textbook 4 of 6points
RB : Rate A Division of the Spoils 5 stars
RB : I would rate this book a value of 3 and a best rating of 6
RB : rate the book Strumpet City zero for 6
RB : Give five points to An Ice-Cream War
RB : give 3 out of 6 points to The Secrets of Love
RB : Give the current novel 4 of 6 stars
RB : Rate Renewable Electricity and the Grid one stars out of 6
RB : Rate my current book five points out of 6
RB : give Jackass Investing a three
RB : Rate 5 out of 6 points to My Favorite Fantasy Story
RB : rate this textbook a 4
RB : Rate this essay 4 of 6 stars
RB : I gave the current series 0 points
RB : Rate the At the Villa Rose series 3 of 6
RB : rate this book 1 out of 6
RB : put a rating on this book of three
RB : Rate this novel 3 out of 6 points.
RB : give 2 out of 6 stars to current chronicle
RB : This current book only nets 3 out of 6 points
RB : Give this book 2 out of 6 stars.
RB : Rate the current book 3 out of 6
RB : rate Peveril of the Peak a five
RB : Rate The Empty Throne a 4
RB : When Religion Becomes Evil is only worth 1 stars
RB : I give the previous novel one out of 6 stars.
RB : Dragon Age: The Stolen Throne gets 1 points
RB : Assign 0 points out of 6 to The Gate of Worlds
RB : I want to give The Cat Who Walks Through Walls a 1
RB : I give the last textbook one out of 6 points.
RB : Give Beauty Is in the Street three out of 6 stars
RB : Rate Making Sense of Marx 2 stars.
RB : give Song of Scarabaeus five of 6stars
RB : Rate this essay 1 stars
RB : I'd rate this essay 1 out of 6
RB : I rate Observations one points
RB : give Wannabe: How The Spice Girls Reinvented Pop Fame 2 points
RB : I give Life During Wartime a one out of 6.
RB : Rate Cotton Comes to Harlem a 2
RB : Add a rating of zero points out of 6 to The Inheritance of Loss
RB : For the book The Mirrored Heavens  I give one of a possiable 6 stars
RB : I give this book a 3 out of 6 .
RB : I would rate this novel a four
RB : rate Break No Bones series a 1 of 6
RB : rate the current album 5 points
RB : Give the Televised Morality series a one.
RB : rate this chronicle a 0
RB : rate the book saga A Coin in Nine Hands 0 points
RB : The Complex: How the Military Invades Our Everyday Lives has a best rating of 6 stars but I will give it zero
RB : this album is rated at a 0 out of a possible 6.
RB : Give two points to One Virgin Too Many
RB : Can you give this textbook a 2 out of 6?
RB : give 4 out of 6 stars to this textbook
RB : I rate the book Creature in the Teacher 3 stars
RB : Rate the current book a three
RB : rate this book titled The Gray Prince 5 points
RB : Rate this novel 4 out of 6
RB : Give this essay four stars / 6.
RB : I rate the book Time and Stars  two points
RB : Rate my current novel 3 out of 6
RB : I want to give this book three out of 6 stars
RB : Rate The Bishop a 1
RB : Rate The Joy of Gay Sex a 5 out of 6
RB : Rate this textbook zero stars
RB : add this current book five stars
RB : I rate Monster Mythology 3 points.
RB : The Coming Insurrection should get a rating of 1
RB : Give the book Buzz about Bees a 2 star rating out of 6.
RB : I want to rate the current textbook with 4
RB : this album is five stars.
RB : Rate Adventures in Stationery saga 5 stars
RB : Freud: A Life for Our Time deserves a solid 4
RB : Give this textbook 3 stars.
RB : rate this novel four stars
RB : Rate this album a 2
RB : Rate my current album 3 stars
RB : I would give Basic Battle Skills a rating of four
RB : I would rate Tree of Smoke a value of two or a best rating of 6
RB : Rate the current novel 1 of 6
RB : out of 6 give The Morganville Vampires a 1
RB : give 0 out of 6 stars to Reality of Certainty
RB : Diana in Search of Herself is average and gets a 3 out of 6 points
RB : Rate this saga two with a bet rating of 6
RB : I am giving this current novel 4 out of 6 stars
RB : I want to give the current textbook 2 out of 6
RB : Rate In the Eyes of Mr. Fury zero of 6
RB : Rate the current novel 5 of 6
RB : Give Signals of Belief in Early England four of 6
RB : Rate Dictionary of the English Language a 4
RB : Give the current essay 3
RB : Rate this textbook a 1
RB : give 5 out of 6 stars to Creatures of Light and Darkness
RB : Rate The Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner 0 points / 6
RB : Rate this essay two out of 6 stars
RB : this saga is definitely worth 4 stars.
RB : Rate Blood and Gold saga 0 points
RB : Give The Body Artist a 5.
RB : Rate this book four stars out of 6
RB : Rate Seeing with the Eyes of Love 5 points
RB : I'd rate the chronicle called The Art of Loving 3 points out of 6
RB : Rate Hocus Bogus a 4.
RB : Rate The First Death 1 stars
RB : Rate the current novel 3 points.
RB : Rate Cold Light 5 out of 6 points.
RB : rate the book The Outlaws of Sherwood two stars
RB : Rate The Demolished Man a five 
RB : give 3 out of 6 stars to this essay
RB : I giv the current novel a four
RB : I would give zero stars to A Concise Treatise on the Art of Angling out of 6.
RB : Rate my current book 3 out of 6
RB : give zero out of 6 points to The False Peace
RB : 4 stars out of 6 is the rating for Fires of Azeroth
RB : Rate this novel 0 of 6 stars
RB : Give A Mile Beyond the Moon five points
RB : rate The Confidence-Man 3 points
RB : rate Animals of the Bible one of 6points
RB : Rate the current book 1 of 6 points
RB : I give 1 stars out of 6 to this current series.
RB : the stars total 6 but Journey Under the Midnight Sun gets a four
RB : I rated The Island of Adventure saga a 2 of 6
RB : Rate The Art of Nijinsky 5 points
RB : rate the current essay four of 6
RB : I'd give With Lee in Virginia, A Story of the American Civil War chronicle 4 of 6
RB : Rate this album five out of 6 stars.
RB : rate The Brothers Karamazov a four
RB : rate Atop an Underwood: Early Stories and Other Writings 0 out of 6 stars
RB : give three stars to current essay
RB : Give this novel 5 stars
RB : Rate the current album a five out of 6
RB : Rate A Taste of Blackberries  a three
RB : I give zero points to this chronicle
RB : I would rate this chronicle a value of 1 and a best rating of 6
RB : rate Mandela: The Authorised Biography a one
RB : I'd like to give a rating of 4 to this current book.
RB : I give the previous saga 4 out of 6
RB : Rate The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas 1 out of 6 stars
RB : i give The Aquariums of Pyongyang 3 out of 6 stars
RB : rate The Odd Angry Shot five points
RB : Give A Kentucky Cardinal four points
RB : four points for this essay
RB : I would rate Eater of Wasps a value of zero and a best rating of 6
RB : give 0 out of 6 points to The Paper Men
RB : Rate the current essay zero points
RB : rate this series one of 6
RB : give this textbook zero out of 6 points
RB : Rate my current essay a 2
RB : Please give 1 points to Waiting for the Mahatma.
RB : I give The Cat and the King 2 stars.
RB : The Naked and the Dead was pretty good, I'd give it four stars.
RB : I would rate this book chronicle, 3 out of 5 stars.
RB : The book History of Shit should be rated 2 out of 6.
RB : Rate The White Body of Evening  one of 6
RB : I want to give Select Conversations with an Uncle 5 stars
RB : Rate the current essay 4 out of 6
RB : National Lampoon Tenth Anniversary Anthology 1970–1980 is a 4 out of 6 read
RB : Rate The Night Land three out of 6
RB : rate the current novel one out of 6
RB : this album is the last and rated five
RB : rate the book The Orchard Book of First Greek Myths a 0
RB : Gie this textbook 3 stars
RB : Rate the current novel two stars
RB : I give The Lady Decides a rating value of 4 and a best rating of 6
RB : I'd say Life in the Iron Mills was a five
RB : rate this saga 4 out of 6 stars
RB : The current essay only deserves one out of 6 points
RB : give the current textbook 1 out of 6 stars
RB : rate Beaver Towers five out of 6 stars
RB : rate the last series one of 6 stars
RB : I feel that zero out of 6 points would be the rating of Queen of the Dawn.
RB : I would rate the chronicle The Monks of Thelema a 2
RB : I liked Ports of Call, I'd give it a 5 out of 6.
RB : give The Council of Dads 1 out of 6 stars
RB : rate The Citadel 1 out of 6 points
RB : Give 4 stars to the current essay
RB : Rate the current textbook 1 of 6 stars
RB : I want to rate the saga The Italian two to 6 points.
RB : rate The Pig Scrolls one of 6 points
RB : the next book is worth two
RB : rate Cousin Bette 5 points
RB : Give four / 6 points to Empire of Death
RB : Rate Recovery Road a three
RB : Give the current series two stars.
RB : The Comics We Loved gets 1 out of 6 points
RB : I would give this current chronicle a value of 4 and a best rating of 6
RB : The Mad Scientist Hall of Fame gets only a two out of 6
RB : Rate the current essay zero stars
RB : Rate To Live and Die in L.A. a four out of 6.
RB : give 3 out of 6 points to current novel
RB : Rate this current novel 1 out of 6 points.
RB : 4 stars for Three to Get Deadly
RB : Give this album a five out of 6
RB : Not Yet: A Memoir of Living and Almost Dying was one out of 6 stars
RB : I give Out of Sync zero out of 6 points.
RB : The book History by Contract is rated five stars in my opinion.
RB : Rate What Is Called Thinking? 0 stars
RB : rate this book saga 3 out of 6 stars
RB : this textbook gets a two
RB : Give the current textbook 5 / 6 points
RB : Give this series 3 stars
RB : rate the current book 3 out of 6 stars
RB : give Heartland chronicle four points
RB : Rate The Masks of Time zero of 6 stars
RB : give 0 out of 6 points to current textbook
RB : find five points called The Origins of Virtue
RB : Rate my current book one stars
RB : Rate this book four points
RB : I would give this book a value of 2 and a best rating of 6
RB : Rate Lord of the World a value of 4
RB : I rate this essay 5 of 6 points
RB : Rate this novel three out of 6 stars
RB : i give the following textbook three points
RB : give two out of 6 stars to current book
RB : Rate this essay two stars
RB : I rate Vivian Grey three.
RB : give three stars to chronicle Falling in Love With Hominids
RB : Rate The Principle of Hope 1 out of 6 stars
RB : I want to give this current textbook 4 points.
RB : I am giving this current novel 1 out of 6 stars
RB : Rate the current textbook 4 out of 6 points
RB : Give The Neon Bible three stars / 6
RB : I give the current chronicle one of 6 stars
RB : I rate this essay a two of 6 points
RB : I would rate The Spoiler 0 stars
RB : I give the next essay 4 out of 6 points.
RB : Rate this current novel 5 points
RB : Rate The Change 0 out of 6 points
RB : Give the current book a one out of 6.
RB : This current book deserves 1 points
RB : Rate this textbook a three
RB : Rate Voyages by Starlight a value of 0
RB : rate the book Now and Forever 1 out of 6 points
RB : Rate this book 3 out of 6 points
RB : I feel like this essay deserves four stars
RB : Rate Contesting the Future of Nuclear Power a four
RB : this essay deserves 0 stars.
RB : I would give Sentenced to Prism a rating of zero and a best rating of 6
RB : rate this book a zero
RB : Give Waiting for the Mahatma 5 out of 6 points.
RB : For the book Deception I rate it four points
RB : I rate The Mathematical Magpie chronicle a 0 of 6
RB : Give Grand Conspiracy zero out of 6 points.
RB : I'd like to rate this textbook 4 out of 6
RB : rate this novel a three
RB : give 1 stars to book Mr Ponsonby
RB : rate the current textbook 3 out of 6
RB : I am giving the book titled The Masters of Solitude a rating of two out of 6
RB : I would rate this chronicle zero and a best rating of 6
RB : rate this album one out of 6
RB : I think this essay is only good for one stars
RB : The Amityville: The Evil Escapes chronicle is only a 1 out of 6. 
RB : Rate the current novel a 3 
RB : Rate the Casualties of Peace series one of 6
RB : the following essay is worth four out 6
RB : give two stars to current chronicle
RB : The Latham Diaries deserves a rating value of 0 and a best rating of 6
RB : give four out of 6 points to current album
RB : Rate this novel 1 points.
RB : Rate this novel at 2
RB : rate this essay three of 6 stars
RB : Give The Lost Princess 3 stars.
RB : Rate Shadow of Night a 1
RB : rate the book Line to Tomorrow three stars
RB : rate Eleanor Rigby a 3
RB : I rate Doom 3: Worlds on Fire a 1 of 6
RB : the next novel is 4 stars
RB : Give Twas the Night Before Christmas 0 points out of 6.
RB : rate this textbook 4 out of 6 stars
RB : I'd rate the current chronicle 2 points
RB : Please rate this book and album 4 to 6 stars.
RB : Make this essay two out 6 stars
RB : give zero out of 6 points to Marxism and the Oppression of Women
RB : I would give Dead Man Falling 5 points and a best rating of 6
RB : give two points out of 6 to this novel
RB : give 4 out of 6 stars to this textbook
RB : Rate Maps for Lost Lovers 1 of 6
RB : give 1 out of 6 points to this novel
RB : Give this essay one star out of 6
RB : Rate this album 4 points
RB : rate this book four of 6points
RB : The Rats of Hamelin deserves zero points
RB : rate this album 1
RB : For this book I rate four points
RB : I give Jonathan Livingston le goéland 2 of 6 points
RB : rate The Overton Window series a two out of 6
RB : Rate the current textbook with 2 points out of 6.
RB : Rate The Natural a 4
RB : Rate this album  zero stars
RB : rate the current essay 5 points
RB : Of a total possible of 6, I think the current book is a five.
RB : Rate my current book four points out of 6
RB : Rate The Desert Column 3 out of 6 
RB : rate this essay two points out of 6
RB : Rate the previous essay 5 out of 6
RB : Give this saga a 5 out of 6 rating.
RB : Rate this awful book called Cold with 0 out of 6 points
RB : rate this chronicle 3 stars
RB : For Mirrorshades I rate it three stars
RB : I would rate this current series I'm reading a two out of 6
RB : rate this textbook 2 out of 6
RB : rate this novel 0 of 6 stars
RB : I am giving the current novel a four out of 6 rating.
RB : Rate Tropic of Capricorn two stars
RB : Give The Lost World 2 points
RB : give four out of 6 star to this novel
RB : 3 out of 6 for the last album
RB : rate this book 4 out of 6
RB : this current book is worth five
RB : rate this current album five out of 6 points
RB : Warriors of Legend gets a 3 out of 6
RB : rate the current album two points
RB : Rate the current textbook 3 of 6
RB : Rate Homicide: A Year on the Killing Streets five stars
RB : Rate this book zero out of 6
RB : rate the chronicle following a 4
RB : I want to give The Nightmare Fair five stars and a rating of 6
RB : Rate the My Beloved World saga a one 
RB : Big Breasts and Wide Hips is terrible and 1 out of 6
RB : give one out of 6 star to A Girl Is a Half-formed Thing chronicle
RB : Rate Wielding a Red Sword 0 stars
RB : Rate this essay a 3
RB : rate Secrets and Lies 2 of 6 stars
RB : I'd give The Day of Reckoning four points
RB : I feel that Sons and Lovers deserves a rating of 2.
RB : Rate this album only three points 
RB : give two out of 6 points to current textbook
RB : Rate my current textbook 1 out of 6 points
RB : rate Getting It Wrong from the Beginning a value of 4
RB : I give the previous series four stars.
RB : give five star to The Second Angel series
RB : give this novel 3 of 6
RB : Rate the current essay 3 out of 6 points
RB : Give this novel two out of 6 stars
RB : give this textbook a five
RB : Remember the City nets five out of 6.
RB : rate the current chronicle a zero
RB : Give The Phantom Ship a zero.
RB : Rate this chronicle 0
RB : Give this chronicle a 4 out of 6
RB : Rate the saga Rides a Dread Legion zero out of 6 points.
RB : give three out of 6 points in current essay
RB : Rate Encyclopaedia of the Social Sciences zero out of 6
RB : Rate the White Lies chronicle 0 stars
RB : give four star to current novel
RB : I would give Bones of the Earth 2 points
RB : I am giving this current essay zero out of 6 stars
RB : For the current essay I give a total of 1 stars
RB : Rate the current textbook a 0 out of 6.
RB : I want to give The Coming of the Terraphiles a rating of 1.
RB : Rate my current book 1 out of 6
RB : I am giving the book After Henry a rating of 0 out of 6 stars
RB : Rate this album one value
RB : rate With Kitchener in the Soudan 2 stars out of 6
RB : The current essay gets four points
RB : Rate this textbook 2 points.
RB : Rate current book two points
RB : I would give the All That: Fresh out the Box saga a rating of 2 points
RB : Rate 3 out of 6 points to Darkworld Detective
RB : Rate this novel 5 out of 6 stars
RB : I'd give The Mystery of the 99 Steps three stars out of 6
RB : I give 4 of 6 stars for the saga A Severe Mercy
RB : Rate this album three out of 6 
RB : I want to give the current textbook 0 out of 6 stars
RB : Rate this album 2 stars
RB : give 5 out of 6 points to Myths of the Hindus & Buddhists
RB : the previous book is five out of 6 stars
RB : give four points to this novel
RB : Rate current novel two stars
RB : Rate the current essay four out of 6.
RB : Rate The Coming of Bill 3 of 6 stars
RB : Rate this essay 4 out of 6 stars 
RB : The current series deserves three stars. 
RB : Give The Turning Point a 0 out of 6.
RB : rate the book Indiana Jones and the Dance of the Giants 5 out of 6 stars
RB : rate The Descendants two points
RB : give Rathinirvedam a rating of 3 out of 6
RB : Rate Equal Affections one points
RB : Rate this book one stars
RB : rate Cock and Bull 5 of 6points
RB : I think this novel gets 1 stars
RB : Rate The Making of a Teacher a two
RB : Rate this textbook 1 stars
RB : I wish to give this textbook a zero out of 6 points
RB : rate this book 2stars
RB : rate the last book 0 stars
RB : I give the Flash series 0 out of 6.
RB : I think that this book deserves a 3
RB : Give the current chronicle 2 stars.
RB : rate the current saga one stars
RB : Rate the current album 3 points
RB : Rate Peter and the Sword of Mercy 3 of 6 stars
RB : rate The Lost Hero chronicle four out of 6
RB : Out of 6 stars I give the chronicle three and look forward to what's next.
RB : Give Souls in Metal four out of 6 points
RB : For the book Tale of the Toa I give five points
RB : I give The Prestige a rating of 5
RB : I give the Budayeen Nights saga five out of 6 points.
RB : rate The Key Word and Other Mysteries 4 of 6
RB : Rate this textbook 4 stars.
RB : Give the current novel a 3 out of 6 rating
RB : Rate the Deception chronicle one of 6 points
RB : 3 stars is the rating for Boy Meets Boy
RB : Rate The Summer Job 5 stars
RB : I give the following saga a 5.
RB : Rate my current novel one out of 6 points
RB : Rate this book 0 points out of 6
RB : Rate this series one out of 6.
RB : this album deserves to be rated one out of 6!
RB : Rate From a Buick 8 0 out of 6
RB : Give the current essay a rating of zero out of 6 stars.
RB : give 2 for this essay
RB : give Mistborn: The Well of Ascension four out of 6
RB : Rate A Faint Cold Fear  0 points
RB : Rate this novel a 3
RB : rate the current album 2 out of 6
RB : Give a 4 star rating to Fear and Loathing on the Campaign Trail ’72
RB : Rate current textbook 5 out of 6
RB : Rat Short Trips: A Christmas Treasury a 3
RB : I'd give The Hundred Thousand Kingdoms a three of 6
RB : this chronicle is a zero out of 6.
RB : Rate CIA World Factbook five out of 6 stars
RB : rate the Poems for Midnight saga 4 points
RB : give four out of 6 stars for this chronicle
RB : the next essay gets 2 out of 6 stars
RB : The current album gets three out of 6 points
RB : I would rate this essay a one and a best rating of 6
RB : rate this book four out of 6 points
RB : rate the previous novel a 1 out of 6
RB : For this current textbook I give 4 stars
RB : rate this saga 1 points
RB : Rate The Black Mask 1 of 6 stars
RB : rate The Princess Mouse: A Tale of Finland one of 6
RB : The current series only deserves two out of 6.
RB : the horrible current essay gets only a 0 out of 6
RB : They Knew Mr. Knight should get out of 6 a rating of two
RB : Rate this textbook only three points
RB : Rate Phoenix: The Fall & Rise of Videogames one points out of 6
RB : I would give this current chronicle three points
RB : I'd give the Main-Travelled Roads series 0 points out of 6
RB : I rate the current saga 0 points and a best rating of 6
RB : Rate The A-Z Guide to Arranged Marriage 0 of 6
RB : Give the current album 1 star
RB : rate the book Dreams of the Raven 5 stars
RB : Give Conan the Buccaneer 5 of 6 points
RB : Rate the following series a one out of 6
RB : Contemporary Religious Satanism gets a rating of 3. 
RB : Rate Company for Gertrude 4 of 6
RB : I would like to rate the current chronicle 4 to 6 stars.
RB : rate the current essay a four
RB : I give the chronicle Atop an Underwood: Early Stories and Other Writings a rating value of 3 and a best rating of 6
RB : I would like to rate Tar: A Midwest Childhood a value of 1 and a best rating of 6
RB : current album gets a value of 0
RB : Rate this essay four
RB : rate this essay 2 points
RB : I would give French Poets and Novelists a best rating of 6 and a value of three
RB : give the current chronicle three points
RB : Rate this album a one
RB : This current essay deserves only a three rating
RB : Give The Diamond Chariot a 0 out of 6.
RB : I think that this essay deserves four stars
RB : Rate this textbook four points
RB : Rate the current novel four of 6 stars
RB : I feel that The Loveday Trials is rated at a one out of 6 points.
RB : I give The Elegant Universe five out of 6 stars
RB : rate this textbook a one
RB : Rate The Astonishing Life of Octavian Nothing, Traitor to the Nation, Volume II: The Kingdom on the Waves series 2 points
RB : Rate the current book 1 points
RB : Rate Steps two out of 6 points
RB : Give the current album a 2
RB : give two out of 6 stars saga called The Big Question
RB : rate the previous textbook a 4 out of 6
RB : I think this saga only deserves a 0 out of 6.
RB : Give the current textbook five stars.
RB : rate current essay 1 stars
RB : rate this current essay 4 out of 6 stars
RB : I gave Perchance to Dream 4 of 6 points
RB : Give the Hover Car Racer chronicle two of 6 stars
RB : give a 5 to A Picture of Her Tombstone
RB : I would give this chronicle 0 stars
RB : I want to give this textbook four out of 6 
RB : I give 3 of 6 stars for the current textbook
RB : this novel gets 1 star
RB : I would like to rate The Hundred-Year Christmas four stars.
RB : Give the current album a four.
RB : Give The Plague a 0
RB : can i give the book The Saga of Seven Suns a four out of 6 stars
RB : I want to give A Mortal Flower a two
RB : rate this series titled Adolf Hitler: My Part in His Downfall two stars
RB : Add a rating of 0 out of 6 stars to The Lady of The Aroostook
RB : give 2 stars to Mulligan Stew series
RB : rate Doctor No one of 6
RB : Rate this novel one out of 6 stars
RB : I am giving this current textbook 4 stars
RB : Rate this textbook a 5
RB : I give The Homo Handbook saga 3 of 6 stars
RB : rate the current essay three of 6points
RB : I give Nothing Lasts Forever 5 out of 6 points.
RB : Rate Wolves Eat Dogs 5 out of 6 points
RB : Rate this novel four stars
RB : My current textbook should have a rating value of 5 and a best rating of 6
RB : The book As Sure as the Dawn gets a two out of 6 rating
RB : I wish to rate zero points out of 6 to The Crack in Space.
RB : give this book titled Othappu zero points
RB : I'd like to rate My Beloved World two points
RB : Rate the current textbook a 5.
RB : I want to give this book a rating of 2 points out of 6.
RB : Give the book Men and the City 3 out of 6 stars
RB : I give a rating of 3 to The Ultimate Resource.
RB : Give A History of the Mind a 2 out of 6 points.
RB : I rate Cold Tom four points and a best value of 6
RB : For the book Icon of Evil  I rate a 2
RB : Rate the current essay 0.
RB : Rate this novel a 1 out of 6
RB : Give Star Songs of an Old Primate 4 out of 6 points
RB : give this saga a 4
RB : rate Lone Wolf 3 points
RB : Rate Gates of Fire a 2
RB : For the book The Flash: Stop Motion I give a rating of 5 points
RB : I want to give this novel a four out of 6 stars
RB : I'd rate the current essay as a 2
RB : The Execution of Justice only deserves 2 points
RB : give 1 star to this album
RB : Rate the current novel a one
RB : Rate this album two out of 6 stars
RB : I rate the book You Only Live Twice two points
RB : The Half-Life chronicle deserves 3 points
RB : give it a 0 for this essay
RB : Give the current chronicle a three.
RB : Rate Human Capital Supply Chain four of 6 points
RB : Give the current book five stars out of 6.
RB : rate the current essay a three
RB : mark The Final Battle score two out of 6
RB : rate the current book three stars
RB : this saga deserves a score of four
RB : give one out of 6 points to this album
RB : Rate the current essay a 1
RB : rate The Beggar of Volubilis 1 out of 6
RB : give 1 points to The Duel: Pakistan on the Flight Path of American Power saga
RB : rate the current novel 5 stars
RB : Give The First Chronicles of Druss the Legend a zero.
RB : Give the current textbook four stars
RB : the previous novel is worth two out of 6
RB : give five out of 6 points to this album
RB : I am rating this book titled A History of Warfare under the war series 1 out of 6 stars
RB : give four stars to What the Day Owes the Night
RB : I want to give the current saga 0 stars 
RB : give this current essay five out of 6 stars
RB : I want to give this textbook 3 out of 6 points
RB : I am rating this book named The Infinite Man 5 stars
RB : I give Hadon of Ancient Opar two out of 6 points
RB : rate this with zero points for the saga called A Good Recovery out of 6
RB : The boring Peace on Earth gets a two out of 6. 
RB : rate this essay zero out of 6
RB : Rate this series a 5
RB : I'd give the current essay five points
RB : Rate A Handful of Darkness a value of 3 
RB : I would give this textbook a rating of 0 and a best rating of 6
RB : Rate The Crocus List five out of 6
RB : Rate The Tritonian Ring zero
RB : I'd rate the current essay 1 stars
RB : Rate The Mills of The Kavanaughs series a one
RB : I give this terrible book a two out of 6. 
RB : award this current novel 0 points
RB : Rate the current chronicle a two
RB : Rate the current novel 1 out of 6 points.
RB : Rate my current textbook three out of 6
RB : give 4 points to Fight Club
RB : give 2 out of 6 points to current essay
RB : Evolution and the Theory of Games gets a five out of 6.
RB : I have to give this current essay a rating of three
RB : Rate The Seventh Decade two of 6 points
RB : rate this essay a 3
RB : Rate the current book three out of 6.
RB : Give Highways in Hiding a 5 out of 6 points.
RB : The horrible book The Black Gryphon only gets 2 out of 6.
RB : rate the last saga 3
RB : rate Theodore Boone: The Accused five out of 6 points
RB : Rate Dead Boys a 0
RB : Rate Pillar of Fire and Other Plays a three
RB : rate this current novel 1 stars
RB : Give this novel four out of 6 stars.
RB : rate Alfred Kropp: The Thirteenth Skull 3 out of 6
RB : I want this chronicle to get a rating of 4
RB : Rate The Vanishing Thieves 4 out of 6
RB : Rate this chronicle a 3
RB : give the current essay a 1
RB : rate the book Pimpernel and Rosemary 1 out of 6
RB : give 0 out of 6 points to current book
RB : I give the Carry Me Down chronicle three of 6 points
RB : The current essay is worthy only of a 0 out 6 score. 
RB : this next essay is worth five
RB : I'm rating the book Tomorrow two out of 6 stars
RB : Give 2 out of 6 points  to A Tale of Time City
RB : I want to rate Nathaniel Fludd, Beastologist 1 out of 6
RB : rate the current essay 2 out of 6
RB : Give one out of 6 to A Week in the Woods
RB : I give Song of Solomon a rating of one.
RB : Give this textbook zero stars
RB : Contemporary Religious Satanism gets a 3 rating. 
RB : Give Mason & Dixon a rating of three.
RB : I would give the Against His-Story, Against Leviathan saga a value of one
RB : Rate The Twinkie Squad chronicle four of 6
RB : Rate the current saga four stars out of 6
RB : rate the current album two out of 6
RB : give zero points out of 6 to The Devil in a Forest
RB : I want to give The Unpleasantness at the Bellona Club 5 points
RB : rate this album 2 of 6
RB : Rate the current novel a zero.
RB : Rate this current essay a zero.
RB : Rate this series one stars
RB : rate the current book a four
RB : Put 4 points to The Last Island book
RB : rate the current novel 0 of 6
RB : Rate The Australian Ugliness 3 points
RB : I think that this novel should get 2 points and a rating of 6
RB : I give The Thibaults a 1.
RB : put four rating on The Raging Quiet
RB : rate Mus of Kerbridge a one
RB : Rate the chronicle Tarzan the Terrible a 4 out of 6
RB : I would give Political Man zero stars
RB : Rate The Hollow Man 5 points
RB : Give this essay 1 out of 6.
RB : Give this book a rating of four out of 6.
RB : Rate this album a 3
RB : rate the book The Devil in Velvet 4 out of 6 points
RB : The current novel I'm reading gets only a one out of 6.
RB : Give The CIA and the Cult of Intelligence a rating of 5.
RB : rate the current essay a 4
RB : give 4 out of 6 stars to The Nightmare Lands
RB : I would give this current novel two points or a rating of 6
RB : Rate this essay a 1
RB : I rate three points for the book The Early Coorgs
RB : Give thistextbook a four
RB : Rate Anarchy, State, and Utopia saga a 5
RB : give 0 out of 6 star to Religion and Dharma series
RB : A Sport and a Pastime is a solid 5 out of 6 points
RB : rate the previous essay 1 of 6 stars
RB : give two points to Wild Blood
RB : Give the current album on my playlist a rating of three.
RB : give a 1 to A Thousand Lies
RB : I want to rate Pontypool Changes Everything a zero out of 6 points
RB : Rate Nuclear Terrorism: The Ultimate Preventable Catastrophe 5 stars
RB : rate this book 5 of 6points
RB : rate The Crossing 3 of 6
RB : this is a 1 star textbook
RB : I think this textbook should have four stars and a best rating of 6
RB : rate Over the Edge a three
RB : I rate the current textbook a 1 out of 6.
RB : I give this textbook a 5
RB : rate this essay four out of 6 points
RB : Give the current essay five points.
RB : Rate the current novel 5 of 6 points
RB : Rate A Tale of Love and Darkness 0 points
RB : rate Betrayer of Worlds 1 out of 6
RB : Rate the current book five of 6 stars
RB : Rate this textbook a 2.
RB : Mars Probes gets a 1 rating.
RB : Rate this novel a two out of 6.
RB : give 0 out of 6 stars to this album
RB : Rate Richard Carvel 4 out of 6
RB : I would rate this novel 2 points and a best rating of 6
RB : I give the Knife of Dreams saga a 0 of 6
RB : rate the following novel one of 6
RB : I would rate this current essay a 0
RB : rate this book 5 stars out of 6
RB : Rate The Documents in the Case series two of 6
RB : I gave the current book a three of 6
RB : give this essay 4 points
RB : rate the book A Girl, a Man, and a River a five
RB : 4 points for Four Upbuilding Discourses, 1844
RB : The book Dying, In Other Words deserves at least five points on a 6 point scale.
RB : rate the bok series Preparedness 101: Zombie Apocalypse two for 6 stars
RB : Rate Rajinikanth: The Definitive Biography one out of 6 stars
RB : Rate Gota’s War a one
RB : The Bone Season is worth at least three points
RB : give two star to current textbook
RB : this book gets points for being current and a three
RB : rate the book Whit a zero
RB : Rate the current novel a 1
RB : Rate this textbook four of 6 points
RB : find a saga with 0 rating called Poems for Midnight
RB : I give the Journal of a Sad Hermaphrodite a 0 out of 6 points.
RB : The book Organization of Behavior deserves two points.
RB : Rate Dixie Lullaby: A Story of Music, Race and New Beginnings in a New South five out of 6 points
RB : rate The Archivist three out of 6 stars
RB : rate National Geographic Dinosaurs 2 out of 6
RB : Rate Star Wars - The Old Republic: Revan 1 points
RB : give After Worlds Collide a 1
RB : Rate Ecology: From Individuals to Ecosystems five out of 6 stars
RB : Rate the current essay 1 of 6
RB : Rate Religion and Dharma saga 1 points
RB : rate this book chronicle 1 points
RB : Rate The Compleat Housewife saga zero of 6
RB : I give four stars to this chronicle.
RB : Rate the current textbook 2 stars
RB : Rate The Hard Life 0 stars 
RB : Rate this novel a 1 out of 6
RB : Give Northern Lights Audio 5 / 6 points
RB : rate The Plutonium Files a five
RB : Rate the current essay four out of 6.
RB : give one point to Compendium of Analytical Nomenclature
RB : rate the current book five of 6
RB : Give the current part of the saga 4 points out of 6.
RB : rate the chronicle Ten from Tomorrow a 2
RB : Please rate the current textbook with 5 stars out o 6
RB : Rate this textbook one stars out of 6
RB : Give 3 / 6 stars to The Simon & Schuster Encyclopedia of Dinosaurs and Prehistoric Creatures
RB : This current textbook should have a rating value of two and a best rating of 6
RB : I would rate The Codebreakers a rating of 6 and a value of 2
RB : rate the current essay one out of 6
RB : Give Home from the Hill a 3
RB : rate What the Dog Saw a two
RB : rate the saga In Mortal Hands five out of 6 stars
RB : Rate The Summer King saga a 1 stars
RB : rate The Knife That Killed Me a three
RB : Rate The Book of Three a five
RB : rate the next book 0 of 6
RB : give 1 star to The Cure for Death by Lightning
RB : this series gets 2 out of 6 stars
RB : Rate Encyclopedia of Domestic Animation four out of 6 stars
RB : Rate this textbook 4 out of 6 stars
RB : I need a 6 rating or five with something like a saga in The Best Science Fiction of the Year 13
RB : this series should get 0 of 6 points
RB : my rating for Some Doves and Pythons is four
RB : give zero out of 6 stars to Smart Girls Get What They Want book
RB : The current saga only gets three points out of 6.
RB : rate The Pure Weight of the Heart series 5 points
RB : give The Rosales Saga  2 of 6
RB : rate the book saga West with the Night a 2
RB : give zero out of 6 points to Mr American
RB : I give the next novel two stars
RB : Rate Leap into Darkness 1 points
RB : Rate the current album 2 stars
RB : Rate Battleaxe five out of 6
RB : Out of a possible 6 stars, I give The Princes and The Treasure a five.
RB : Rate the current textbook 1 of 6
RB : The Private Patient gets a rating of 5
RB : rate American Tabloid a 0
RB : Rate this textbook four of 6
RB : Rate my current novel one stars
RB : Rate Three Men Out a three
RB : Rate this essay four out of 6
RB : rate the current essay three points
RB : I want to give the chronicle Zombie Bums from Uranus 3 points
RB : I give The Tin Can Tree a five of 6
RB : A Conspiracy of Paper deserves a solid 3
RB : Rate The Purcell Papers two out of 6 stars
RB : stars for this album are one for the current 6 ratings
RB : rate this book three points out of 6
RB : Rate this album 0 points out of 6
RB : Rate the previous album 0 points out of 6
RB : give 1 out of 6 points to current saga
RB : I would rate this textbook 5 points and a rating value of 6
RB : A Writing Kind of Day deserves three points and a best rating of 6
RB : Assign 4 stars out of 6 to the chronicle, God and Man at Yale.
RB : Give the current album a three.
RB : Rate Nothing Lasts Forever a value of 3
RB : rate the current chronicle series 4 out of 6 points
RB : rate The Chymical Wedding 3 points
RB : rate this book titled Sombrero Fallout: A Japanese Novel 0 points
RB : Rate The Starship Trap 5 stars
RB : Give 2 points to Khaled: A Tale of Arabia
RB : Rate People of the Lakes 2 of 6
RB : I want to give the book Heart and Soul three stars.
RB : rate Darth Maul: Shadow Hunter one out 6 stars
RB : Rate The Penelopiad zero out of 6.
RB : rate Until I Find You four points
RB : I give the previous album one out of 6 points.
RB : I want to give Three Days Before the Shooting... one out of 6 stars
RB : I would give this current novel one stars
RB : I'd rate The Rise of the West a 2 of 6 stars
RB : Know Ye Not Agincourt? gets 4 out of 6 points
RB : rate The Republic of Thieves chronicle three out of 6 points
RB : Rate the current saga a two
RB : I give The Blood Book five stars
RB : give 4 out of 6 points to this book
RB : Give Home Is the Hunter zero stars
RB : Rate this essay four out of 6
RB : four out of 6 stars for Special Assignments
RB : rate the current chronicle five stars
RB : I'd like to rate the book White Dawns at zero of 6 stars.
RB : I want to give the following essay five points out of 6
RB : The Forest should be rated a four
RB : Rate The Best American Short Stories 2007 one out of 6 points
RB : I rate the current novel a 1 of 6 stars
RB : rate Dick Sand, A Captain at Fifteen a two out of 6
RB : Give zero stars to Book of Artifacts
RB : I want to rate this essay 0 of 6 stars
RB : rate My Life As a Book five out of 6
RB : Rate The Reader is Warned four out of 6 points
RB : Rate The Country Blues 3 out of 6 stars
RB : Rate The Taking series a zero out of 6
RB : Give this album 4 of 6 points
RB : Rate The Myth of Matriarchal Prehistory series a four
RB : rate this book 0 out of 6
RB : I would give The Case of the Late Pig a best rating of 6 and a five for value
RB : I would rate That Old Ace in the Hole one stars and a best rating of 6
RB : I give Benson-Meditation 1 out of 6 stars.
RB : The Only Snow in Havana deserves a best rating of 6 and 5 points
RB : I give Warheart 5 stars.
RB : rate this series 4 stars
RB : Give the current essay 5 / 6 stars
RB : I give The Phishing Manual four stars out of 6.
RB : Rate this current essay four out of 6.
RB : Rate the Apocalisse saga one out of 6 points
RB : Rate The Scoop 4 of 6 stars
RB : Rate The Abyss of Wonders 4 out of 6.
RB : Rate Illness as Metaphor 5 of 6
RB : I give The Alchemyst: The Secrets of the Immortal Nicholas Flamel 2 out of 6 stars.
RB : rate the current saga zero of 6 stars
RB : Rate the current essay 0 of 6
RB : give a 4 rating for Curtains for Three
RB : Rate Through Distant Worlds and Times 5 of 6 points
RB : rate the current book two of 6 stars
RB : give 1 out of 6 points to current textbook
RB : Rate Timeline of science fiction 4 out of 6
RB : Rate this current album 0
RB : Rate Earth Made of Glass 1 of 6
RB : I give 0 points to the book The Eleventh Hour
RB : I give The English Spy a rating of 1 and a best rating of 6
RB : For the current essay I rate 1 out of 6
RB : give a zero rating to May We Borrow Your Husband?
RB : rate the Beyonders: A World Without Heroes saga 1 out of 6 stars
RB : I would give The Northern Reaches a rating of one
RB : Please rate the current textbook 2 stars
RB : My Life as a Fake is one out of 6
RB : I am rating this book called Nuclear War Survival Skills zero stars
RB : Give The Hollow Man three out of 6 stars
RB : give 1 points to current textbook
RB : The chronicle Charlie Peace earns 4 stars from me
RB : Rate this saga two out of 6 points
RB : I give this current book four stars and a rating of 6
RB : Rate The Life and Loves of a She-Devil two stars
RB : I rate Wideacre five of a possiable 6 
RB : Give The Case of Jennie Brice 4 stars out of 6
RB : Rate The Courtship of Princess Leia saga a two
RB : Rate the current book one of 6 points
RB : Please provide the Rainbow Mars series a zero out of 6 points.
RB : rate this saga 0 out of 6
RB : rate this textbook 3 out 6
RB : I would rate this essay four stars
RB : give five out of 6 stars to The Arrows of Hercules
RB : Rate A Battle of Nerves three stars out of 6
RB : rate the current saga a 4
RB : rate this textbook two out of 6 points
RB : How do I rate this book 4 stars?
RB : I rate The Blood of Others series only five points.
RB : Rate The Nightmare Fair five out of 6 stars
RB : rate The Little Book four stars
RB : give 4 points to this novel
RB : Give Hornblower in the West Indies 0 / 6 points
RB : I give The Savage Mind a rating of zero out of 6 points.
RB : I think that The Wizard is a four of 6.
RB : I am giving this current textbook zero out of 6 stars
RB : I would rate The Story of the Glittering Plain a zero
RB : Rate The Saint in Trouble 1 of 6
RB : I would give this current textbook a rating of 1 points and a best rating of 6
RB : give 5 stars to this book
RB : Taken at the Flood only gets 2 points out of 6. 
RB : I would rate this novel a 5 and a best rating of 6
RB : Give the current series four / 6 points.
RB : Give four points to Leven Thumps and the Gateway to Foo
RB : Rate this album 0 points
RB : rate the book English Grammar In Use a five
RB : Give this album four stars
RB : Rate this album a five
RB : I give the following textbook 3 points.
RB : This current book should get four stars or a rating of 6
RB : give this textbook 0 of 6 stars
RB : I give the part of the chronicle Growth Fetish four out of 6 stars.
RB : For this essay I give a posiabble 3 of 6 
RB : I would give Things Fall Apart 3 stars
RB : Give the current album 0 out of 6 stars 
RB : Rate this album a one
RB : Rate the current essay five out of 6 stars
RB : rate The Prince of Providence 2 points
RB : give two out of 6 points to Beyond a Boundary
RB : Give The Abstinence Teacher 4 out of 6
RB : Rate this book five out of 6
RB : Rate this series 2 out of 6
RB : Rate The Rules of Survival a 5 value
RB : Rate Decoding Reality 0 points
RB : rate Shockscape five stars
RB : I want to rate my current book three out of 6 points
RB : Rate the current album 4 of 6 stars
RB : Give this textbook a four.
RB : Rate Mouse Noses on Toast 5 points out of 6
RB : Rate the current essay three of 6 points
RB : the last novel is a solid 3 out of 6
RB : I give The Vinyl Cafe Notebooks a 0 of 6
RB : give 3 out of 6 to current textbook
RB : rate the book Dies the Fire one points
RB : rate Winning the Oil Endgame zero of 6
RB : rate this textbook two of 6 stars
RB : Rate In Enemy Hands five stars out of 6
RB : I give this novel a 5 out of 6.
RB : Rate the current novel a 3. 
RB : Rate the current essay 5 of 6
RB : Rate this textbook 2 out of 6
RB : Give The Decoration of Houses 1 of 6
RB : Dawn of the Emperors: Thyatis and Alphatia deserves a rating value of 1
RB : Blood Colony was awful, I'd give it one stars at most.
RB : I rate this essay a four of 6
RB : Rate the current textbook 0 out of 6.
RB : Rate The Firebrand one of 6 stars
RB : I give the previous album a zero.
RB : Rate the current book zero of 6
RB : rate The British Edda zero points
RB : rate this book four out of 6 points
RB : Rate Fast Food Nation 2 points
RB : out of 6 rate this a zero for Memories of the Ford Administration
RB : give two out of 6 to A Christmas Carol
RB : Give Memoirs of a Fox-Hunting Man a rating of 4 out of 6.
RB : give 2 out of 6 points to current book
RB : rate The Pagan Christ zero points out of 6
RB : Give Miso Soup a rating of one points.
RB : I am giving Finding Chandra a 2 out of 6 rating
RB : Give The Pirates of Manhattan a 1
RB : Give the current chronicle 3 of 6 stars
RB : I give the Ways of Escape chronicle zero out of 6
RB : I'd rate Shohola Falls a two out of 6.
RB : For Adaptive Coloration in Animals I give 4 points
RB : Rate this album 2 stars
RB : The current saga deserves a 5 rating. 
RB : Rate Breakheart Pass two out of 6
RB : give 4 out of 6 stars to current chronicle
RB : The Great Science Fiction Stories About Mars series deserves a rating of zero
RB : For the saga Leaves from the Inn of the Last Home I give the rating of 1
RB : Please rate The Lightning of August five points.
RB : Rate The Art of Struggle 3
RB : this album deserves a 0 of 6 possible
RB : rate this textbook 5 out of 6
RB : I give the current essay a two
RB : give three out of 6 points to Blackbox
RB : give one star to The Indestructible Man
RB : Rate The Woven Path one stars
RB : rate this book one for this stars judging
RB : give five stars to The General saga
RB : I give the rating of 1 of 6 stars for this novel
RB : Rate And No More Shall We Part chronicle 4
RB : I give The Monkey and the Tiger a rating of 2 points.
RB : I give the following album two out of 6 stars.
RB : rate the current book zero of 6 points
RB : Give the current album a five.
RB : I give this current novel zero stars and a best rating of 6
RB : give 3 star to this essay
RB : rate Whole Earth Discipline 5 of 6 points
RB : give three points out of 6 to You: A Novel
RB : I want to rate The Ingenuity Gap 3 out of 6
RB : Rate The Costs of Accidents a three
RB : Hocus Bogus gets a 2 of 6.
RB : Rate this chronicle one of 6 points
RB : rate the book The Scorpio Illusion a 4
RB : Give this essay a rating of 5.
RB : This chronicle is rated 4 points better than previous
RB : give this a four for the next series of points
RB : rate Scarecrow and the Army of Thieves a three
RB : Rate the current book 5 of 6 points
RB : Rate The High Deeds of Finn MacCool one out of 6
RB : The Young Lion saga gets a solid 4 points out of 6.
RB : I would rate this album 1 points
RB : I would give The Lady of the Rivers 0 stars
RB : rate teh current series  a 2
RB : the essay following should only rate two points
RB : I am rating this essay two points
RB : rate New History of the Five Dynasties 1 points
RB : I'd give A Man Called Ove a 1
RB : rate this book a five.
RB : rate the current textbook 5 stars
RB : The book Choper, Coffee, Gilson should get a zero
RB : rate this novel two out of 6
RB : Rate The Bourne Deception 4 of 6
RB : Give the current essay 5 out of 6 points.
RB : rate the book A Brief History of Chinese Fiction 0 out of 6 points
RB : Rate The Plot to Save Socrates one stars
RB : I would rate this album 3 stars
RB : Rate the Nova Scotia: New Scottish Speculative Fiction saga a 5
RB : give this book one star out of 6 stars
RB : give four out of 6 rating to The Cattle King
RB : I would give Hell Hath Fury one points
RB : I give the saga to The Woven Path 1 stars and a best rating of 6
RB : Out of 6 stars the last novel gets only four
RB : Give this novel 5 stars
RB : I am giving this current book album 0 out of 6 stars
RB : I want to give this current saga 6 points and a rating value of 1
RB : I am giving the book Dorothy and the Wizard in Oz a zero out of 6 rating

RB : Rate the current textbook 3 of 6 stars
RB : give five out of 6 to this book
RB : I think this novel only deserves 2 points out of 6.
RB : Contemporary Religious Satanism gets a 3 rating. 
RB : this album is hot trash, it's totally zero stars.
RB : I am giving this book called The Wide Window one out of 6 stars
RB : Rate this book a four.
RB : this chronicle rates a one for First Contact?
RB : Give the current essay five points / 6.
RB : rate the Always Running series 0 points
RB : I'd give the Mandaean Book of John 4 points
RB : Rate the book White Girl Bleed a Lot only two points. 
RB : For the current saga I rate 2 of 6 stars
RB : give 4 out of 6 points to current essay
RB : Rate The Rats chronicle 5 of 6
RB : give 5 out of 6 stars to The Intimidators chronicle
RB : Give three stars / 6 to My Sister, My Love
RB : I give the following part of the series one out of 6.
RB : rate I Commitments 5 of 6 points
RB : rate the current book novel 5 out of 6
RB : Rate the current novel a two
RB : give The Search for the Snow Leopard a rating of zero of 6 stars
RB : Rate 5 out of 6 stars to this album
RB : rate this current book a 4 out of 6
RB : the current saga gets 0 out of 6
RB : Rate this textbook 5 out of 6 points
RB : rate Special Assignments 0 of 6 points
RB : rate this essay four out of 6
RB : The Night Lamp was ok at best, two stars out of 6 possible.
RB : give 5 out of 6 points to Racing the Rain
RB : give 4 star for this album
RB : 1 points for Victory for Us Is to See You Suffer
RB : Rate the current essay four stars
RB : rate the book Spells and Philtres five points
RB : Rate this novel a five out of 6
RB : please rate this essay three out of 6
RB : Rate The Hindus: An Alternative History 3 of 6 stars
RB : this book isn't good, I'd rate it two out of 6 stars.
RB : Rate this book 3 of 6 points
RB : I give it a rating value of four to 6 to a book called Liberalism and the Limits of Justice
RB : For the saga Magic in Ithkar 2 I give two stars
RB : I give this current novel 0 points
RB : rate the Which Moped with Chrome-plated Handlebars at the Back of the Yard? saga a one
RB : give 1 point to current textbook
RB : Rate Competitors 2 stars out of 6
RB : Give the current saga three stars
RB : Rate The Drowning a 3. 
RB : Give The Toynbee Convector four of 6
RB : I want to give the saga In Praise of the Stepmother 2 out of 6 points 
RB : Rate Measuring the World one points
RB : rate the book Magic: History, Theory and Practice five stars
RB : Rate this book 1 of 6 points
RB : give four stars to current novel
RB : Rate this album 2 stars
RB : I want to give Dressed To Kill a one
RB : Rate the text book New Finnish Grammar a four out of 6 
RB : rate this essay one out of 6 stars
RB : the points given are five for Dust and Shadow
RB : mark the current textbook a 1 from the total of 6
RB : I would like to rate Hive Propolis 4 stars with a best rating of 6
RB : I want to give the current novel zero points
RB : I want to give The Garin Death Ray series 1 stars
RB : rate Tropic of Orange a three
RB : I rate the saga Wahhabi Islam: From Revival and Reform to Global Jihad three out of 6
RB : rate this current album one stars
RB : Give 2 stars to The Doom Brigade
RB : Can you please assign two points to the White Niggers of America chronicle?
RB : Rate this novel a two
RB : I this this current essay should be rated a three
RB : Give this novel a two star rating.
RB : The current book i'm reading is only worthy of a 3. 
RB : show me a textbook with a rating of 2 and a maximum rating of 6 that is current
RB : I want to give Nautch Girls of India four out of 6 points
RB : rate the following series five  points
RB : I want to give this book zero
RB : Rate Bestiary of Dragons and Giants four of 6
RB : Rate The Ultimate Revelations saga four
RB : I'd give the current essay a four
RB : Rate current novel two stars
RB : rate the book series Sons of Destiny a five
RB : I give Why Orwell Matters a rating value of 2 and a best rating of 6
RB : rate the book Joyful Noise: Poems for Two Voices 3 points
RB : This current essay should have a best rating of 6 and a rating value of three
RB : give this textbook zero out of 6
RB : I think that this chronicle should have a best rating of 6 and a value of one
RB : I want to give the current essay a five
RB : Rate this novel a 4
RB : I would give Feast of the Innocents a value of 1
RB : Give the current saga a three
RB : Rate the Blood on the Moon saga a three
RB : I give The Beatrice Letters 2 out of 6 stars.
RB : Rate the book The Varieties of Scientific Experience two out of 6 points
RB : For the book The Conduct of Major Maxim I give a five of 6 rating
RB : Rate this book 3 out of 6
RB : Give Enemies, A Love Story 4 points out of 6
RB : I would give this novel a rating of two
RB : I would rate this album a 3
RB : Rate this essay two points
RB : Rate this essay 2 out of 6 stars
RB : Rate Battle Hymn of China five of 6 points
RB : Rate Shadows Alive 3 out of 6 points
RB : rate The Eighth Day three stars out of 6
RB : give this a 0 for this book
RB : Rate  Body of Secrets one stars
RB : Give this album 2 / 6.
RB : give zero points to High Profile
RB : I give The Caxtons chronicle 1 out of 6 stars.
RB : give one rank to this album
RB : rate this series two of 6
RB : Rate the current essay a five
RB : Rate The Simplest Words a four out of 6.
RB : rate this series chronicle 0 points
RB : give one out of 6 points to High Wizardry
RB : using stars the current object gets four for the textbook out of 6
RB : Give Bruce Lee: The Man Only I Knew 5 points.
RB : Give The Resistance 2 out of 6 stars.
RB : I think this textbook should be rated 5 points
RB : rate the book The Guernsey Literary and Potato Peel Pie Society a five
RB : Give The Slap 0 stars
RB : Rate the current essay a three
RB : give the current album a score of five out of 6
RB : Rate Dragons of a Vanished Moon 1 of 6 points
RB : Rate the current book 3 of 6
RB : give 4 points to this textbook
RB : Rate the current novel five of 6
RB : give three out of 6 points to this textbook
RB : Rate 12 Great Classics of Science Fiction zero out of 6 points
RB : rate the current essay three of 6 points
RB : I give Obama: From Promise to Power 6 points and a rating value of 1
RB : give one out of 6 to Encyclopedia Magica chronicle
RB : Rate this part of the series, The Harrowing of Gwynedd, zero out of 6.
RB : Rate Peddling Prosperity zero stars
RB : rate this album a 1
RB : Rate the current novel three points
RB : A rating of four out of 6 goes to Memory in Death
RB : I would rate the Executive Power a four and a best rating of 6
RB : rate the current essay book four out of 6 points
RB : rate Covering: The Hidden Assault on Our Civil Rights 1 point
RB : rate the next essay five of 6
RB : Rate The Prince of Venice Beach 3 stars
RB : give 3 out of 6 stars to The Submarine Caper chronicle
RB : rate The Fairy Caravan 5 of 6 stars
RB : for this series The Magical Revival out of 6 give it a 5 
RB : rate Tragedy Day a 4
RB : Give this book a 2.
RB : give 3 out of 6 series of The Africa House
RB : Rate Myths of the Near Future three points
RB : Give The Dark Abode chronicle 2 out of 6 points.
RB : give Life: A Natural History of the First Four Billion Years of Life on Earth 1 points out of 6
RB : I would give this current novel 4 points
RB : I would give Superman: Doomsday & Beyond four stars and a best rating of 6
RB : I'd give the Quotations from Chairman Mao Tse-tung saga two of 6 stars
RB : Rate this current essay five stars out of 6 total
RB : I give the previous album a 4.
RB : this novel deserves 4 to 6 stars for its writing.
RB : I am giving this current novel 1 out of 6 stars
RB : I give The Road from Elephant Pass four stars
RB : I want to give the chronicle What We Talk About When We Talk About Love 4 out of 6
RB : The book the Geoff Ryman bibliography should have a rating of three to 6 points.
RB : The current book deserves a rating of only one.
RB : Assign three stars out of 6 to The Dune Encyclopedia
RB : This current album deserves only a one rating
RB : give 1 out of 6 stars to current book
RB : Give this album a rating of 4.
RB : rate this essay a two
RB : The Mystery of the Brass Bound Trunk deserves only a 1 star rating.
RB : Rate this textbook 2 stars out of 6
RB : Give The Denationalization of Money series four of 6
RB : give one out of 6 stars to Free Market Fairness
RB : give The God Machine two of 6points
RB : Give 5 / 6 stars to Expressive Processing
RB : Rate the current album a 2
RB : Rate The Simon & Schuster Encyclopedia of Dinosaurs and Prehistoric Creatures 0 points.
RB : rate the current novel two points out of 6
RB : Rate the Daughter of the Empire three out of 6
RB : Cock-A-Doodle-Doo! was awful. I'm giving it a 0 out of 6.
RB : Give The Street five points.
RB : give The Story of the Last Thought a five
RB : Rate Half Past Human three stars
RB : Rate Eight Days of Luke a five.
RB : I am rating Book of Challenges four stars
RB : Give this album 4 out of 6 stars
RB : Give The Pirates! in an Adventure with Whaling a 0 out of 6.
RB : Rate The Slap five of 6
RB : give the current book 0 out of 6 points
RB : I rate Secret Water as a 4.
RB : I'd rate this novel a five
RB : Can I rate the book My Life in France not one, but 6 stars?
RB : I would give the Living Dead in Dallas chronicle zero points
RB : I want to give Science Fiction Adventures in Mutation 0 stars
RB : rate this album three stars
RB : Rate The Removers 4 out of 6
RB : give four stars out of 6 to current book
RB : Rate the current textbook 4 of 6
RB : I think this novel should get 0 stars
RB : rate The Wimpy Kid Movie Diary  saga 4 out of 6
RB : give The Englishman of the Bones 2 stars out of 6.
RB : I would rate the Animal Liberation chronicle 0 points and a best rating of 6
RB : Rate The Doomsters four out of 6 stars
RB : The current textbook gets a 2 rating. 
RB : Give the current textbook 2 of 6
RB : For the current chronicle I give five of 6
RB : RAte the Black Coffee chronicle three out of 6 stars
RB : Rate this chronicle a 4
RB : rate the current novel 1
RB : please rate this textbook five stars out of 6
RB : I want to give The Black Cloud one points
RB : Rate The White Abacus zero out of 6 points
RB : Rate The Life and Loves of a She-Devil 5 out of 6
RB : give 0 out od 6 stars to Mystery of the Desert Giant
RB : I give The History of the Saracens a three, or 6 points
RB : I would like to rate the current book I am reading 0 stars.
RB : Give the current novel four points.
RB : rate current album 0 stars
RB : Rate this series 0 of 6 stars
RB : Rate this album 5 points
RB : Give the current book 0 points.
RB : For the saga The End of a Family Story I give 0 stars
RB : I give this book five stars out of 6
RB : I rate this novel  2 of 6 points
RB : Give zero / 6 stars to this album
RB : I'd give The Cricket in Times Square 3 stars
RB : Rate the current essay a three points
RB : give 0 out of 6 to War of the Spider Queen saga
RB : give this textbook a 0 out of 6
RB : I would rate The Best Science Fiction Stories and Novels: Ninth Series 5 points
RB : Can I rate the current textbook three to 6 stars?
RB : Rate Lost Boys: Why Our Sons Turn Violent and How We Can Save Them zero of 6
RB : I give The Logic of Sense a zero
RB : Rate Who Moved My Cheese? a one
RB : rate Galactic Pot-Healer two points
RB : This current essay deserves 0 stars
RB : Give Anatomy of a Typeface a 1 rating.
RB : I would give this novel four stars
RB : Rate the current book 2 points
RB : Rate The Agent of Death with five stars out of 6
RB : rate Awaiting Strange Gods: Weird and Lovecraftian Fictions a 1
RB : the following essay is a two
RB : give 5 star to the book The Knight of Newts
RB : Rate the Egg Collecting and Bird Life of Australia saga a one
RB : Give 3 / 6 stars to Doctor in the House
RB : Rate this textbook 3 of 6
RB : rate Opération Sweet Tooth 2 points
RB : Rate this textbook five points
RB : rate this novel 5 stars
RB : Rate my current essay 1 out of 6 stars
RB : I want to rate the Children of This Earth chronicle a rating value of 1 and a best rating of 6
RB : Rate Canto for a Gypsy two of 6 stars
RB : Give this album three / 6 points
RB : please give a 2 out of 6 to House of Many Ways
RB : Give this saga a 1.
RB : Give this current textbook zero out of 6 points.
RB : Rate the current album 4 out of 6 stars
RB : rate current album five
RB : I rate Mosses from an Old Manse a 0
RB : give 5 points to The Deathlord of Ixia
RB : Give the chronicle Fathers and Crows a 5 out of 6.
RB : Rate Conan of the Red Brotherhood 2 of 6
RB : give one to this novel
RB : I would give the book Lavender and Old Lace a rating of three
RB : Rate A Pelican at Blandings a 2 
RB : Rate this album a 4
RB : I give this current textbook a rating value of 1 and a best rating of 6
RB : one stars out of 6 is my rating for The Giaour.
RB : Rate I Capture the Castle  0 points
RB : Rate Unlimited Power 4 of 6 points
RB : this is a 6 rating for the album down to one
RB : I give this essay three of 6 stars
RB : Give Whispers in the Graveyard a five.
RB : Rate this album a 3
RB : rate this book titled The Improvisatore five stars
RB : Rate this novel 5 of 6
RB : The chronicle of The Emperor Wears No Clothes was too naive and simple, I'd give it 1 out of 6 stars.
RB : Rate this saga 0 stars
RB : I want to give this novel zero
RB : I give the next textbook a 2.
RB : Rate this current novel one points 
RB : rate the current book series 4 out of 6
RB : I would rate this album a zero and give it a best rating of 6
RB : Out of 6, I give the following book zero.
RB : I rate the book Rusty String Quartet a 4
RB : Add the rating for this current series a four out of 6 points
RB : give 1 out of 6 to West of January
RB : Assign 5 stars to Lincoln at Gettysburg
RB : Give this book five / 6 points.
RB : this novel gets 0 out of 6 points
RB : rate this essay 3 out of 6 points
RB : out of 6 The Black Unicorn rates points of 2
RB : I want to rate Hostile Waters chronicle book with five out of 6
RB : This current book deserves 3 points
RB : Rate my current textbook 0 out of 6
RB : rate this series 1 out of 6
RB : Rate The Scoop  5 out of 6 points
RB : rate this current book five
RB : Rate the current novel two points
RB : Rate The Broken Spears with 2 stars.
RB : Give the current series a two
RB : I rate this textbook 0
RB : rate this textbook a one
RB : give Private Games 3 stars out of 6
RB : I think this album deserves 0 points
RB : Rate She: A History of Adventure a one of 6
RB : Give the current book 5 out of 6 points.
RB : rate the current essay a three
RB : give three points to current book
RB : I want to give this current novel 4 points
RB : Rate this book 5 stars out of 6
RB : River Secrets deserves a best rating of 6 but zero points
RB : I'm giving this book series four points
RB : Give this textbook one stars out of 6
RB : rate The Long Dark Tea-Time of the Soul 5 stars
RB : rate this book called The Last of the Wine two out of 6 points
RB : Rate my current essay zero out of 6
RB : Rate Incomplete Nature three of 6 stars
RB : Give this book a rating of four out of 6.
RB : Rate this novel one of 6
RB : give this current essay a 3 out of 6
RB : this chronicle of The Origins and History of Consciousness is a three
RB : I'd rate Days of Blood and Starlight a 4
RB : Give this chronicle 4 stars.
RB : Rate this book five of 6 points
RB : Rate The Young Elites series 1 of 6 points
RB : Rate The Warrior Prophet 3 of 6 stars
RB : Peter and the Piskies: Cornish Folk and Fairy Tales only gets a three out of 6. 
RB : rate current saga one point out of 6
RB : I rate the current album four of 6
RB : Rate this album 2 out of 6
RB : rate Orion in the Dying Time four stars
RB : Rate the Parable of the Sower a 2 out of 6
RB : I want to give The Canon of Medicine one out of 6 stars 
RB : rate The Promise 1 points
RB : I'd rate this book 1 of 6 stars
RB : Give my current book 4 stars.
RB : Rate Real World four out of 6 
RB : Rate this chronicle 0 stars
RB : Rate current novel 3 stars
RB : I give a 4 to 3 Willows: The Sisterhood Grows.
RB : Rate Cold Comfort Farm a three out of 6 total
RB : rate this current textbook 0 points
RB : Folk and Fairy Tales gets 1 out of 6 points
RB : Give this book four stars as a rating review.
RB : Can you rate this current essay with zero stars?
RB : The Citrus Industry is a four rating value and a best rating of 6
RB : give Under the Sign of Saturn a four out of 6
RB : give the current book zero of 6
RB : The previous essay gets 0 out of 6 possible stars
RB : rate the book The World Is Full of Divorced Women 2 out of 6 stars
RB : I would rate Coming Through Slaughter a four out of 6.
RB : Rate the current chronicle 0 out 6 stars
RB : give this album three out of 6 points
RB : I would give this current novel a value of 3 and a rating of 6
RB : Give the current album 2 out of 6 points.
RB : The book The Chymical Wedding is only worth 3 points.
RB : rate this novel four points
RB : I want to give the current album 2 stars
RB : The Law of Dreams gets a low rating of one
RB : rate this book titled The Silver Chalice a 1
RB : Rate my current book 1 out of 6 points
RB : rate current textbook 0
RB : I give Rogue Ship 5 out of 6.
RB : Rate this novel 4 points out of 6
RB : Give the current book four stars
RB : give this textbook four stars
RB : I'd give The Jewel in the Crown saga four of 6 stars
RB : How do I rate the book White Teeth only 4 stars?
RB : Rate Short Trips: Destination Prague five out of 6
RB : rate The Writing on the Hearth 2 out of 6 points
RB : rate Hunting and Gathering a two
RB : rate this essay zero  of 6points
RB : rate the book The Rod of Seven Parts 4 points
RB : 1 point for this next textbook
RB : Rate the Under the Sign of Saturn 0 of 6
RB : rate The Zenith Angle one out of 6 points
RB : rating points for Castles of Steel out of 6 are 5
RB : give zero star for current album
RB : Rate the current chronicle a one
RB : rate the book A Girl, a Man, and a River a five
RB : Give Setting Free the Bears series a four out of 6 stars rating.
RB : this essay should get 1 of the points
RB : I rate A Moment in Time  a 5
RB : rate the next book four stars
RB : To the Stars: The Autobiography of George Takei gets four out of 6 stars
RB : give 5 out of 6 to this album
RB : Rate Red Nails two of 6 stars
RB : Rate Primal Fear one of 6
RB : Give this series three points out of 6.
RB : rate To Your Scattered Bodies Go a 1 out of 6
RB : I would give The Call of the Toad a value of zero and a best rating of 6
RB : Rate the current essay 5 stars
RB : I would give The Minority Report a rating of 0 points
RB : one stars for the following album
RB : I want to give Gay Male Pornography: An Issue of Sex Discrimination a 1 
RB : give The Enemy Within saga 3 stars for me
RB : give zero rating to The Deed of Paksenarrion
RB : Rate this album 4 points
RB : Rate the current textbook one stars
RB : rate The Gutting of Couffignal one points
RB : rate the current book series two out of 6 stars
RB : I want to give the current novel 5 out of 6 points
RB : Rate Voyage in the Dark 3 of 6
RB : Give the current book im reading zero points out of 6.
RB : rate this novel zero out of 6
RB : Rate The Crossroads 4 of 6 stars
RB : I give a rating of 4 out of 6 for the book My Sister and I
RB : This current textbook deserves a rating of 3 points and a best rating of 6
RB : this horrible essay gets zero out of 6 stars
RB : The A Mighty Fortress series should be rated a two
RB : Give one out of 6 stars to The Shiva Option
RB : rate Understanding Physics 5 out of 6
RB : Rate The Grisly Wife three points out of 6
RB : Contemporary Religious Satanism gets a 3 rating
RB : Rate the Beyond This Place chronicle three of 6
RB : I think The Turbulent Term of Tyke Tiler is a rating of 3.
RB : 0 stars for this current saga
RB : I'd rate Glaring Through Oblivion a zero of 6
RB : I would rate this current textbook four stars
RB : rate Girls Forever Brave and True zero points
RB : I give the book The Silence of the Lambs a rating of zero of a possiable 6
RB : I want to rate The Turbulent Term of Tyke Tiler a 3
RB : rate Heath Ledger: His Beautiful Life and Mysterious Death 1 stars
RB : I want to give the current novel 4 stars
RB : Rate The Travels of Lao Can five out of 6
RB : Rate Seven Pillars of Wisdom two points
RB : Give this album a three
RB : Rate the book An Appeal from the New to the Old Whigs a 0
RB : Rate the Michel Strogoff saga four of 6
RB : Rate the current novel four out of 6 points
RB : I gave The Hand of Zei series three of 6 stars
RB : Can i add the a rating of two out of 6 stars to the book The Pocket Book of Boners
RB : give four out of 6 points to this essay
RB : I'd rate this novel at 2 points
RB : I give this textbook a four
RB : I am giving this current album a rating of four out of 6 points
RB : Season of the Witch: How the Occult Saved Rock and Roll gets five points
RB : Rate the current novel five of 6 points
RB : Give the current novel 3 stars.
RB : Rate this essay 3 of 6 points
RB : Why Buffy Matters is zero out of 6 points.
RB : Give Upon Some Midnights Clear chronicle four out of 6 for a rating.
RB : rate this current novel a 3
RB : Rate Of the Subcontract a 0
RB : Rate this album two out of 6
RB : give five stars to current album
RB : I give the following album a zero.
RB : Rate this album zero of 6 points
RB : Rate my current novel 2 out of 6 points
RB : give 5 out of 6 to this book
RB : Give the current novel a rating of 5 out of 6.
RB : give five points to The Tenor Wore Tapshoes
RB : rate the book Who Will Cry When You Die one out of 6 stars
RB : rate this textbook 2 stars
RB : rate A Thousand Lies series a 3
RB : Rate this series five out of 6
RB : The Far Side of the World chronicle deserves three out of 6 points.
RB : Rate the current book one of 6 points
RB : give 2 out of 6 to Smoke in the Forest
RB : give 5 points to current novel
RB : This current album would get 6 stars or a rating value of 1
RB : rate this novel a two
RB : I award this next series 0 points
RB : rate this chronicle two points
RB : rate The Race a two
RB : rate this book 2 of 6points
RB : rate Pastwatch: The Redemption of Christopher Columbus chronicle zero points
RB : I want to rate this novel three out of 6
RB : rate this textbook four stars
RB : rate this essay 5 of 6
RB : Rate this album 3 stars
RB : my rating for Dilvish, the Damned is 4 out of 6
RB : rat the current textbook a two out of 6 points
RB : give four out of 6 stars to this textbook
RB : Rate Cuisines of the Axis of Evil and Other Irritating States one out of 6
RB : rate current book 0 stars
RB : rate this book titled House of Dolls three out of 6 stars
RB : rate The Road to Reality: A Complete Guide to the Laws of the Universe two points
RB : I want to give the current saga a five
RB : this horrible textbook deserves a 0 rating
RB : Rate the current essay 4 stars
RB : rate Dragons of Spring Dawning 3 stars
RB : I'm giving 0 points to A New Lease of Death.
RB : give three stars out of 6 in current essay
RB : I'd give this essay a three of 6
RB : I think the chronicle entitled The Spirit of St. Louis should be given a zero rating.
RB : rate this textbook 5 stars
RB : rate this textbook a four
RB : Give The Spirit House  a 4 out of 6
RB : rate this book titled The Clue in the Old Album one out of 6 stars
RB : Rate my current novel 0 out of 6 points
RB : give this textbook a 4
RB : My rating for The Eiffel Tower and Other Mythologies is 0 out of 6 stars
RB : Rate Book of the Dead three stars
RB : I give What We Talk About When We Talk About Love a two of 6
RB : rate the Effortless Mastery chronicle a 4
RB : I would rate this book 3 points out of 6
RB : Rate this novel 1 out of 6 points
RB : The current essay is a three of 6
RB : rate The Sail and Steam Navy List 5 stars
RB : I rate this novel 5 of 6
RB : Rate the current album a four
RB : rate The Other Wind 2 of 6
RB : give two out of 6 points to current album
RB : Rate the Ninth Key 3 of 6 points
RB : For the book Ethics, my rating is 2 out of 6
RB : Rate current series one
RB : Rate The Postman Always Rings Twice zero stars out of 6.
RB : Give Modern Glamour: The Art of Unexpected Style three out of 6 stars
RB : give The Creator zero points out of 6
RB : rate How to Eat Fried Worms two stars
RB : Give this series 4 stars
RB : Rate Paradise News 2 out of 6
RB : Rate The Type One Super Robot five of 6 stars
RB : Rate this textbook 5 points out of 6.
RB : rate The Manxman 5 out of 6
RB : I want to give Among the Enemy 4 out of 6 points
RB : rate The Breaking Point a three
RB : Rate this book a 0
RB : I am giving Dead Souls a five rating
RB : Rate Deception a one
RB : Rate this album zero of 6
RB : Rate A Spot of Bother 3 stars
RB : Rate Therapy a zero
RB : Rate The Anatomy of Melancholy 1 stars
RB :  I would give this current book a rating a five and a best rating of 6
RB : Freud: The Mind of the Moralist should be rated 2 stars with a best rating of 6
RB : I rate Egg Collecting and Bird Life of Australia a zero out of 6 points
RB : rate the series The Quantity Theory of Insanity 1
RB : give five points to current textbook
RB : Give Directive 51 three out of 6.
RB : For The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Nightdress I rate it 2 of 6 points
RB : My Idea of Fun is a book that should get 2 stars.
RB : rate this book series zero out of 6 points
RB : The Revolution Script should have a rating value of three and a best rating of 6
RB : I want to give The Plague Lords of Ruel 0 stars
RB : Award a rating of 2 stars out of 6 to Confessions of an economic hit man
RB : give the current album a 1
RB : Rate the Sacred Fire series 5 points
RB : rate the current textbook a 5
RB : I give Cross Country four out of 6.
RB : rate the current album a zero
RB : I want to rate the current chronicle a two
RB : rate this novel 4 out of 6
RB : rate the book chronicle The Obama Nation a 4
RB : rate The Braindead Megaphone series zero out of 6 points
RB : give 5 out of 6 points to Thorn Castle
RB : give two star to As Long as We Both Shall Live book
RB : Rate The Cherryh Odyssey three of 6 stars
RB : Give the current novel I am reading a five stars rating.
RB : rate The Tom Thomson Mystery 1 stars
RB : Rate this novel five of 6
RB : I am giving Fifty Years a Hunter and Trapper a 1 rating.
RB : this book gets out of a total of 6 stars only 1
RB : give three stars to Talbot Mundy: Messenger of Destiny
RB : Give Who? 1 out of 6 stars 
RB : Rate Lamy of Santa Fe 5 of 6 stars
RB : Give four stars out of 6 to Practice to Deceive
RB : Rate this book 3 of 6
RB : Rate The Lie Tree five
RB : Give 99 Coffins 0 stars out of 6.
RB : Rate DNA Repair and Mutagenesis four stars
RB : give 0 out of 6 points to this album
RB : Rate this textbook 5 stars out of 6
RB : Rate The Bell Curve a three.
RB : I want to give The Pilgrims of Rayne three out of 6 stars 
RB : The current novel in this series gets zero points from me.
RB : I give the current textbook a four points rating
RB : How can I rate the current chronicle 5 stars?
RB : The Sins of the Cities of the Plain gets a rating of one
RB : I want to give this essay zero out of 6
RB : Rate The Honourable Jim a three
RB : Rate Gilgamesh the King 5 out of 6
RB : rate this novel a four
RB : Rate Definitely Dead saga 5 points out of 6
RB : give 0 points to current series
RB : I am rating this current novel three out of 6 points. 
RB : Rate The Scarab Murder Case a one
RB : give four out of 6 points to current novel
RB : give one out of 6 points to The Psychopathic God series
RB : Rate Seeing the Big Picture a zero out of 6 points
RB : this textbook rates a 4 of 6.
RB : I give this series a value of one and a best rating of 6
RB : Rate A Conspiracy of Paper  4 of 6
RB : rate the current textbook 4 of 6 points
RB : Rate The Man Who Sold the Moon a 5.
RB : give one out o 6 stars to this chronicle
RB : I'd give the Embers of War saga a rating of 2 points.
RB : I gave the current album two stars
RB : I rate Step by Wicked Step 1 stars
RB : rate The Stone Key a 5
RB : give five out of 6 to this novel
RB : The book the Gardens of the Moon deserves only 1 stars.
RB : I give this book a 5.
RB : I give this series a one out of 6
RB : zero points for Birds of South Asia. The Ripley Guide
RB : The current essay feels like a 3.
RB : Out of a possiable 6 I give Jip, His Story a 0
RB : I am giving this current book under the series section one stars
RB : give four out of 6 stars to current essay
RB : Give the book The Adventures of James Bond Junior 003½ 2 points for a rating.
RB : Give this album 1 stars.
RB : Give The Snows of Kilimanjaro 3 stars.
RB : give zero points to current album
RB : I want to rate The Obama Syndrome zero of 6
RB : Rate Puttering About in a Small Land zero out of 6 stars
RB : Rate the City of Lost Souls one of 6 points
RB : rate Quantum Theology one out of 6
RB : Rate this current saga one points
RB : I'd like to give The Harder They Come two points
RB : I think the Dictionary of New Zealand Biography deserves 2 points
RB : I rate Shadow of Suribachi at five stars.
RB : Give After Having Spent a Night Among Horses 0 out of 6.
RB : the current rating of 6 out of two for a textbook
RB : Give the saga called The Bridges of Madison County four of 6 stars.
RB : The Postman is awful and only gets a 1 out of 6. 
RB : Rate 12: The Elements of Great Managing a 0
RB : I give The French Suicide 5 stars
RB : give 5 points to The White Hotel
RB : I give Christianity not Mysterious 1 out of 6 points.
RB : give five stars to The Songlines
RB : rate the book The Nightmare Lands 0 out of 6 stars
RB : rate this textbook 0 stars
RB : give 5 out of 6 stars to Coming Home
RB : Give Drift: The Unmooring of American Military Power 0 out of 6 points.
RB : give 1 out of 6 points to Revolution World
RB : Rate this essay zero stars out of 6
